Energy storage - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources Press Events Blog Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources Press Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Turkey UK USA Canada Australia Home Technologies Energy storage Technologies Energy storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Learn more What is energy storage? Energy storage is the capture of energy for use at a later time, and a battery energy storage system is a form of energy storage. Battery energy storage has a variety of useful applications, such as balancing energy demand and supply for either the short or long term. This ensures the grid operates more efficiently. Plus, batteries are able to respond to changing supply or demand levels within a second. What we do Tailored solutions to meet your specific needs, applying our experience to reduce costs and enhance site safety. Development Management of the entire development process to deliver optimized storage solutions. Learn more Construction Seamlessly coordinating projects with safety and quality at the forefront. Learn more Support services Asset management and O&M services to maintain assets and optimize asset value. Learn more Digital solutions Smart technology and digital solutions underpin all that we do. Learn more Why RES? RES energy storage projects feature our innovative energy management system, RESolve. Developed in-house by our experts, this state-of-the-art software has been proven to maximize potential revenue streams. Plus, our integrated team manage your entire energy storage project, meaning fewer contracts and more accountability. Supply chain knowledge Component supplier recommendation, including batteries and inverters. Technology agnostic In-house engineers select best solution for your needs. 23 battery projects Delivered worldwide. Flexible software RESolve adapts to a variety of system architectures. Owner support Delivering portfolio or fleet- level integration to support multiple projects. Global reach We’ve installed energy storage projects in locations all over the world. Global reach We’ve installed energy storage projects in locations all over the world. 19 USA 22 Europe 1 Australia Latest resources Learn more about our projects Read more News Energy Storage 30 MW/120 MWh Top Gun Energy Storage Project Begins Commercial Operation Broomfield, CO – RES (Renewable Energy Systems) and San Diego Gas & Electric Company (SDG&E) today announced the recent commencement of commercial operation of a 30 MW/120 MWh lithium-ion battery storage system located in San Diego, California. RES will provide operations and maintenance (O&M) service for the facility under an… Read more News Development Energy Storage RES AND SCR PARTNER WITH AXPO AND LANDSKRONA ENERGI TO DELIVER ELEKTRA ENERGY STORAGE PROJECT IN SWEDEN Axpo acquires 20MW/20MWh battery energy storage project from RES and SCR, due to become operational in 2024. RES to deliver construction management, asset management and O&M services and applies its proprietary RESolve system First energy large-scale storage project for Landskrona Energi London, 10 March, 2023 – Global renewable energy company,… Read more News Energy Storage Holmston Farm Energy Storage Project unanimously approved by committee Renewable energy company RES has received planning consent to build a new energy storage project in south west Scotland, following South Ayrshire Council’s decision to unanimously approve the scheme, in line with the case officer’s recommendation. Holmston Farm Energy Storage System is situated on land currently used as a commercial Christmas tree farm,… Read more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Modern Slavery Anthem – transparency in coverage