IŞIKLAR WIND PROJECT SOLD AND 185MW ASSET MANAGEMENT DEAL WITH DOST ENERJI - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / IŞIKLAR WIND PROJECT SOLD AND 185MW ASSET MANAGEMENT DEAL WITH DOST ENERJI IŞIKLAR WIND PROJECT SOLD AND 185MW ASSET MANAGEMENT DEAL WITH DOST ENERJI by RES | Aug 26, 2022 | Reading time: 3 min News Asset Management Development RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, has today announced the sale of its Işıklar Wind Energy Project in Türkiye. The 9-turbine project located in Gediz, Kutahya Province has been acquired by Dost Enerji and is expected to enter commercial operation in 2024. The total investment by Dost Enerji for the 50-megawatt (MW) project is approximately €50 million. Işıklar was successfully submitted by RES into the 2017 wind capacity tenders held by the Turkish Electricity Transmission Corporation (TEİAŞ) and was granted a licence in April 2022. RES has a substantial development portfolio in Türkiye and expects to bring a further 235MW across four projects to market from its Zero Carbon wind portfolio. The deal will also see RES take on Asset Management agreements for Dost Enerji’s existing 185MW operational portfolio of projects. RES has 40 years of experience in the renewables sector and an independent study by DNV demonstrated assets managed by RES perform 1% better than industry standard, enabling clients to achieve better performance and increased revenues. RES recently secured worldwide recognition for its asset management services with the ISO 55001 certification. Ugur Isik, General Manager, RES commented: “The renewable energy market in Türkiye is set to continue to grow at pace and attract significant investment from companies such as Dost Enerji looking to support the move to a zero-carbon future. Işıklar is one of the first merchant projects with a negative bid to achieve its licence – this achievement demonstrates RES’ experience and expertise in bringing forward projects in the Turkish energy market. “We look forward to continuing our relationship with Dost Enerji; supporting them to deliver Işıklar and working with them to maximise the value of their operational portfolio.” Muzaffer Akpinar, Chairman of the Board, Dost Enerji, commented: “We are pleased to partner with RES on this significant deal including asset management agreement. As Dost Enerji, we will reach to 235 MW wind energy capacity with this investment and continue to strengthen our commitment to clean energy.” RES IŞIKLAR RÜZGAR ENERJİSİ PROJESİ SATIŞINI GERÇEKLEŞTİRDİ VE DOST ENERJİ İLE 185MW’LIK VARLIK YÖNETİMİ ANLAŞMASI İMZALADI Dünyanın en büyük bağımsız yenilenebilir enerji şirketi olan RES, Türkiye’deki Işıklar Rüzgar Enerjisi Projesi’nin satışını duyurdu. Kütahya Gediz’de bulunan 50 megavatlık (MW), 9 türbinli projenin 2024 yılında ticari operasyonlarına başlaması bekleniyor. 50 MW’lık Işıklar RES projesi için Dost Enerji yaklaşık 50 milyon Euro yatırım yapacak. Işıklar RES Projesi, Türkiye Elektrik İletim A.Ş.’nin (TEİAŞ) 2017 yılında düzenlediği rüzgâr kapasitesi ihalelerinde RES tarafından kazanılmış ve Nisan 2022’de projenin üretim lisansı alınmıştır. RES, Türkiye’de önemli bir proje geliştirme portföyüne sahip olup, Sıfır Karbon rüzgâr portföyündeki mevcut dört proje ile yenilenebilir enerji piyasasına ilave 235 MW kapasite sağlamayı planlamaktadır. RES, imzalanan anlaşma ile Dost Enerji’nin mevcut 185 MW’lık operasyonel proje portföyünün Varlık Yönetimini de üstlenmiştir. DNV tarafından yapılan bağımsız bir çalışmaya göre; yenilenebilir enerji sektöründe 40 yıllık deneyime sahip olan RES tarafından yönetilen varlıkların, endüstri standardından %1 daha iyi performans gösterdiği, bu sebeple müşterilerin daha iyi performans ve artan gelir elde etmelerini sağladığı görülmektedir. RES, yakın zamanda edindiği ISO 55001 sertifikası ile varlık yönetimi hizmetlerinde dünya çapında tanınırlığa ulaşmıştır. RES Türkiye Genel Müdürü Uğur Işık, “Türkiye’deki yenilenebilir enerji piyasası hızla büyümeye devam edecek ve Dost Enerji gibi sıfır karbonlu bir geleceğe geçişi desteklemek isteyen şirketlerden önemli yatırımlar alacak. Işıklar, serbest piyasaya satış yapacak olan eksi fiyatlı projeler içerisinde lisansını alan ilk projelerden biridir; bu başarı, RES’in Türkiye enerji piyasasında projeleri öne çıkarma konusundaki deneyim ve uzmanlığını göstermektedir. “Dost Enerji ile ilişkilerimizi geliştirmek için sabırsızlanıyoruz. Işıklar RES Projesi’ni devreye almaları için onları desteklemek ve operasyonel portföylerinin değerini en üst düzeye çıkarmak için onlarla birlikte çalışacağız.” yorumunda bulundu. Dost Enerji Yönetim Kurulu Başkanı Muzaffer Akpınar, açıklamasında, “Varlık yönetimi anlaşmasını da içeren bu önemli anlaşmada RES ile birlikte çalışmaktan memnuniyet duyuyoruz. Dost Enerji olarak bu yatırımla birlikte toplam 235 MW rüzgar enerjisi kapasitesine ulaşacağız ve temiz enerji taahhüdümüzü güçlendirmeye devam edeceğiz.” sözlerine yer verdi. SON Notes to editors: About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, transmission and distribution and green hydrogen. At the forefront of the industry for 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 9GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,000 people and is active in 11 countries. For further information about RES, visit www.res-group.com CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Rachel Anderson RES Press Office +44 7795 680 803 [email protected] Editörlere Not: RES Hakkında RES, karada ve denizde rüzgar, güneş, enerji depolama, iletim ve dağıtım ve yeşil hidrojen alanlarında faaliyet gösteren dünyanın en büyük bağımsız yenilenebilir enerji şirketidir. 40 yıldır endüstrinin ön saflarında yer alan RES, dünya çapında 23 GW’dan fazla yenilenebilir enerji projesi teslim etti ve geniş bir müşteri tabanı için dünya çapında 9 GW’ı aşan operasyonel varlık portföyünü destekliyor. Kurumsal müşterilerin benzersiz ihtiyaçlarını anlayan RES, enerjiye en düşük maliyetle erişim sağlayan 1,5 GW’ın üzerinde kurumsal enerji satın alma anlaşması (PPA) sağlamıştır. RES, 2.000’den fazla kişiyi istihdam etmektedir ve 11 ülkede faaliyet göstermektedir. RES hakkında daha fazla bilgi için www.res-group.com adresini ziyaret edin. CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Rachel Anderson RES Press Office +44 7795 680 803 [email protected] Sevim İnac [email protected] Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents