200MW Bekevar Wind Farm reaches financial close - RES us au tr sv de fr en Services Technologies Ressources Carrieres A propos de nous Nous contacter Services Support Services Support Services Gestion des actifs Maintenance Produits et solutions numériques Produits et solutions numériques Technologies Éolien Solaire Stockage de l'énergie Hydrogène vert Energy storage Ressources Presse événements Blog Vidéos étude de cas Histoires de gens Carrieres La vie chez RES Débuts de carrière Réseaux d’affinités Transiter vers une énergie propre et décarbonée Postes à pourvoir Carrières expérimentées A propos de nous Rencontrer notre équipe dirigeante Sécurité Développement durable Réseaux d’affinités Nous contacter us au tr sv de fr en Services Support services Produits et solutions numériques Support Services RES s'entoure de collaborateurs passionnés et engagés qui mettent leurs compétences au service des actifs de leurs clients. Gestion des actifs Nous assurons le suivi de la performance de vos actifs : l'équipe Gestion d'actifs vous propose un service de qualité pour optimiser la production de vos actifs et augmenter leur durée de vie. Maintenance Des techniciens et des experts techniques qualifiés fournissent une assistance de qualité en matière de maintenance des actifs Produits et solutions numériques Nos produits digitaux et solutions innovantes permettent d'optimiser les performances de vos actifs, quelqu'en soit la technologie. Anemo Optimiser la production, réduire les coûts d'exploitation et gérer la compatibilité avec le réseau de vos actifs éoliens et solaires. Technologies Promouvoir un avenir énergétique propre grâce à des technologies renouvelables de pointe. Voir toutes les technologies Éolien Faire évoluer le monde vers un avenir énergétique propre en exploitant la puissance du vent. Solaire Grâce à nos solutions innovantes et notre expertise, nous vous accompagnons pour la gestion et la maintenance de vos parcs photovoltaïques. Stockage de l'énergie Nous nous engageons à utiliser nos solutions innovantes de stockage d'énergie pour mettre en place des moyens flexibles de faciliter l'énergie propre. Hydrogène vert Grâce à des partenariats et à notre expertise collective, nous contribuons à décarboniser l'industrie en développant et en exploitant des usines d'hydrogène vert alimentées par des énergies propres et renouvelables. Ressources Parcourez nos dernières ressources, notamment les mises à jour de l'entreprise, les témoignages de clients, les informations sur le secteur et les rapports de recherche. Voir toutes les ressources Presse Tenez-vous au courant des actualités de l’entreprise, des clients et des partenaires annonces, informations sur l’industrie, récompenses et plus. Événements Découvrez où vous pouvez rencontrer notre équipe en personne lors d’événements à travers le monde. Blog Consultez les dernières actualités RES à travers ce blog. Vidéos Regardez nos vidéos pour en savoir plus sur RES, découvrez nos produits et services, et découvrez notre travail collaboratif approcheach en action. Étude de cas Explorez en détail notre large éventail de projets d’énergie propre de à travers le monde. Histoires de gens Découvrez les personnes extraordinaires qui travaillent chez RES et découvrez ce que signifie travailler au sein de notre équipe. Carrieres Rejoignez une équipe collaborative de personnes passionnées qui s'engagent dans un travail qui a du sens. Carrieres La vie chez RES Avec l'objectif commun de construire une planète meilleure, nous sommes fiers que nos collaborateurs puissent réaliser de grandes choses. Débuts de carrière Démarrez votre carrière dans les énergies renouvelables au sein d'une entreprise collaborative et bienveillante. Réseaux d’affinités Les réseaux d'afinités sont ouverts à tous et offrent un espace où les collaborateurs peuvent se réunir et partager librement leurs identités, leurs expériences et les défis auxquels ils sont confrontés sur le lieu de travail. Transiter vers une énergie propre et décarbonée Découvrez comment vos compétences et votre talent peuvent contribuer à un avenir énergétique propre. Postes à pourvoir Consultez toutes les dernières opportunités de carrière chez RES Carrières expérimentées Découvrez comment vos compétences et votre talent peuvent contribuer à un avenir énergétique propre. À propos de RES Nous vivons notre mission, nous mettons en avant les personnes qui la réalisent et nous célébrons les transformations qui changent la façon dont le monde produit et consomme l'énergie. Voir à propos de nous Rencontrer notre équipe dirigeante Nos employés collaborent, sont responsables de leurs actions et visent toujours l'excellence. Sécurité En tirant parti de notre culture de la bienveillance, nous nous engageons à atteindre un niveau de performance exemplaire en matière de sécurité. Développement durable Notre programme de développement durable favorise les changements positifs en veillant à ce que tous les domaines de notre activité apportent une contribution positive à l'environnement et à la société. Réseaux d’affinités Les réseaux d'afinités sont ouverts à tous et offrent un espace où les collaborateurs peuvent se réunir et partager librement leurs identités, leurs expériences et les défis auxquels ils sont confrontés sur le lieu de travail. Emplacements et bureaux Tout comme notre entreprise, nous sommes véritablement mondiaux – mais fièrement locaux. Trouvez les coordonnées et l’emplacement de chaque bureau RES. Nous contacter L'Europe Amériques Australie Danemark France Allemagne Irlande Norvège le Portugal Espagne Suède Turquie UK USA Canada Australie Accueil / Resources / Presse / 200MW Bekevar Wind Farm reaches financial close 200MW Bekevar Wind Farm reaches financial close by RES | Mar 10, 2023 | Temps de lecture: 6 min Presse Construction Wind Renewable energy investment platform, Innagreen, and Cowessess First Nation-owned entity, Awasis Nehiyawewini Energy Development Limited Partnership (‘ANEDLP’), buy Bekevar Wind Farm from RES Bekevar will help drive Saskatchewan’s transition from coal to renewables The Canada Infrastructure Bank (CIB) is investing $173 million towards the clean energy project NORD/LB is also providing financing for the transaction, enabling the project to move forward to construction phase Kipling, SK – Innagreen, the global renewable energy investment platform, and Cowessess First Nation- owned entity Awasis Nehiyawewini Energy Development Limited Partnership (‘ANEDLP’), today announce their joint acquisition of the 200MW Bekevar wind energy project from RES. Financing from the Canada Infrastructure Bank and NORD/LB will ensure the project moves forward to construction. This key milestone will enable the pioneering Canadian project to move into construction phase. RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, and its First Nation partner have been developing the Bekevar wind project together since 2017. Bekevar will supply 200MW of zero-emission power to the local grid, providing more than 100,000 homes with clean, sustainable electricity. Saskatchewan’s largest wind power project will help drive the region’s energy transition, moving from coal to renewables. The wind farm is expected to reduce carbon emissions by approximately 130,000 tonnes a year. Bekevar is situated in the rural municipality of Hazlewood, the rural municipality of Kingsley and on Cowessess First Nation reserve land. Following the multi-party transaction to secure equity and debt financing, the wind project will begin construction in May 2023 and is expected to reach commercial operation by the end of 2024. Following the transaction, Innagreen will own 83 per cent of Bekevar and ANEDLP will own 17 per cent. RES will provide construction services, in conjunction with local sub-contractors, and operate and manage the asset. The Canada Infrastructure Bank (CIB) is loaning $173 million towards the clean energy project, which will integrate more renewable power into the province’s electricity grid. The CIB’s long-term capital can ensure critical, large-scale clean energy infrastructure projects are built. NORD/LB is also providing $98 million in debt financing to the project. ANEDLP will ensure qualified Indigenous contractors and workers benefit from the available construction jobs. The partnership also creates equity investment and training opportunities for Cowessess First Nation members during the development and future operations phases. ANEDLP’s investment in Bekevar Wind marks the Cowessess First Nation’s largest renewable energy project to date and puts them among the leaders in Canada to have a rounded portfolio consisting of both utility scale wind and solar. The project will generate a meaningful annual return to Cowessess First Nation, which will support continued investment in economic opportunities as well as assist underfunded programs in the community. A series of community engagement events and career fairs will be held in Kipling and Cowessess in the coming months, which will be advertised locally. Chief Cadmus Delorme of Cowessess First Nation said: “Cowessess First Nation has been involved in utility scale wind development since 2010. Here we are, 13 years later, having closed financing on our first project with RES and Innagreen. This project will benefit Cowessess First Nation in the business sector and our province in SaskPower’s goal to minimize carbon emissions. Once operational, Bekevar Wind will provide 25+ years of economic prosperity for our community. Achieving financial close is one milestone in the development journey and the team will now turn its attention to further community engagement and construction.” Innagreen, which provides institutional investors with access to investments in utility-scale renewable energy projects, is backed by global infrastructure asset manager, Morrison & Co. CEO of Innagreen, Olly Alexander, said: “This project has been a real example of partnership working across the board. We have been working with RES and Cowessess First Nation to bring the project to commercialisation, while the innovative financing package with the CIB and Nord LB has allowed the construction of Bekevar despite tough market conditions, notably around supply chain. “Bekevar comes after the recent acquisition of the Hilda Wind Project in Alberta, and we are also focused on additional acquisition opportunities across Canada this year. We are grateful to be working with such excellent partners, RES and ANEDLP, which will ensure Cowessess First Nation members benefit directly from this project through the project income and other employment opportunities.” CEO of Canada Infrastructure Bank, Ehren Cory, said: “Clean power investments are essential to meeting our climate change goals and ensuring sustainable economic development across the country. Our $173 million investment will help the province curb its reliance on coal-fired generation and significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The partnership with a leading owner and operator of renewable energy, and Cowessess First Nation will advance Saskatchewan’s largest wind power facility, and enable Indigenous participation and long-term economic opportunities.” Global Head of Structured Finance, NORD/LB, Heiko Ludwig, said: “NORD/LB are proud to have supported our client Innagreen and the Cowessess First Nation with the successful financing of a major Canadian wind energy project with an innovative financing structure. This project is another testament to our commitment to work with our clients globally to finance sustainable energy initiatives, contributing to a greener future. We are also extremely pleased to see the direct benefit the project brings to the local community through the Cowessess First Nation ownership. Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs, Infrastructure and Communities, the Honourable Dominic LeBlanc, said: “With this financial support from the Canada Infrastructure Bank, Cowessess First Nation is seizing the economic opportunity offered by the transition to renewable forms of energy. This forward-looking project will create sustainable jobs, cut pollution and benefit Saskatchewanians for decades to come.” For more information please contact: Innagreen Del Bowen, FTI Consulting +44 7977 143779 / [email protected] Elizabeth Adams, FTI Consulting +44 7976 920268 / [email protected] www.innagreen.com/news Cowessess First Nation Jessica Nixon +1 306-731-7471 / [email protected] RES Susan Mays +1 303 439 4220 / [email protected] About Innagreen Established in 2021, Innagreen is a dedicated manager of the long-term ownership of renewable energy assets. Innagreen is focused on acquiring utility-scale renewable energy projects, and their associated infrastructure in Australia, Canada and the U.S. The Innagreen team is made up of industry specialists with a multi-decade track record of developing over 2.5GW of renewable energy capacity, as well as owning and operating over 1.5GW across multiple continents. About Awasis Nehiyawewini Energy Development Limited Partnership (ANEDLP) Cowessess First Nation is located along the beautiful Qu’Appelle Valley, 15 kilometers north of Broadview, Saskatchewan. Cowessess First Nation has 4200 citizens, 900 of which live on the home reserve in the Qu’Appelle Valley. Cowessess First Nation has a strong mandate to develop sustainable business ventures and assets, which align with our inherent beliefs as stewards of the land. The community currently operates five net metering solar installation on community owned buildings totally 340kW. The community also owns a 1 MW hybrid facility which includes a 800 kw wind turbine, 500kw of solar and 400kw of lithium ion batteries. The Nation’s long-term goal is to create self-sustainability through economic ventures. Cowessess First Nation wholly owns ANEDLP which was established in 2010 as the business vehicle to pursue utility scale renewable energy development in Saskatchewan. ANEDLP is a 95% owner of the 10 MW Awasis Solar facility located 3km southeast of Regina, Saskatchewan which entered commercial operations in November 2022. ANEDLP is now a 17% owner of the 204MW Bekevar Wind Farm and one of the most progressive Indigenous renewable energy developers in Canada. For more information visit www.cowessessfn.com and www.cowessessventures.com. About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company. At the forefront of the industry for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW worldwide for a large client base. RES employs more than 2,500 people and is active in 14 countries working across onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, green hydrogen, and transmission and distribution. Further details can be found at www.res-group.com . About CIB The CIB’s long-term capital can ensure critical, large-scale clean energy infrastructure projects are built and renewable generation is integrated into the province’s electricity grid. Through its clean power priority sector, the CIB has committed $5 billion towards clean power, renewables, district energy, storage, interties, and transmission. The CIB is investing in clean power projects across the country – from district energy expansion in B.C., wind power generation in Saskatchewan and developing Canada’s First Small Modular reactor in Ontario. All CIB investments are subject to approval by its board of directors. About NORD/LB NORD/LB Norddeutsche Landesbank is one of the leading German commercial banks. The core business segments include business with corporate customers, private and commercial customers including private banking as well as special finance in the energy and infrastructure sector, aircraft finance and commercial real estate finance. The bank is headquartered in Hanover, Brunswick and Magdeburg and has branches in Bremen, Oldenburg, Hamburg, Schwerin, Düsseldorf and Munich. Outside Germany NORD/LB is represented by a Pfandbrief Bank (NORD/LB Covered Bond Bank) in Luxembourg and branches in London, New York and Singapore. About Morrison & Co Morrison & Co is a global infrastructure investment management specialist, founded in 1988. We manage multiple client mandates, with total funds under management of £15.2bn (USD$18.2bn) at 31 December 2022. Morrison & Co is a pioneer in innovative infrastructure investing, supporting businesses that help enhance the lives of local communities. We are set apart by a management style that integrates deep industry specialisation with financial and transactional expertise. Our investment decisions are supported by research and high conviction in long-term trends that bridge business cycles, including global decarbonisation. Partager cet article Contact us Nous contacter What we do Support Services Produits et solutions numériques Technologies Technologies Éolien Solaire Stockage de l’énergie Hydrogène vert Ressources Presse Blog Évènements Vidéos Étude de cas Histoires de gens Carrières Carrières expérimentées Transiter vers une énergie propre et décarbonée Débuts de carrière Carrières Opportunités actuelles A propos de nous A propos de nous Rencontrer notre équipe dirigeante Réseaux d’affinités Développement durable Terms of use Sécurité Nous contacter Copyright © 2023 RES Conditions d’utilisation Cookies Politique de confidentialité Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents Terms of use