RES sells large 245MWdc Australian solar farm to Iberdrola - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / RES sells large 245MWdc Australian solar farm to Iberdrola RES sells large 245MWdc Australian solar farm to Iberdrola by RES | Sep 29, 2021 | Reading time: 3 min News Solar Today, RES announced the sale of its Avonlie solar development project to Iberdrola. The project is located in New South Wales, Australia and is RES’ largest ever solar development with generating capacity standing at 245 MW dc / 190 MW ac. When operational, 450,000 solar panels, mounted on single axis tracking system will generate electricity to meet the needs of around 80,000 New South Wales homes. This will avoid over 157,000 tonnes of carbon each year. The project is now ready to go into construction, f ollowing several years of environmental surveys and extensive community consultation which received strong local support. The project received planning consent from the NSW Department of Planning, Industry & Environment in August 2019. Lumea will deliver the grid connection services for the life of the project with construction expected to commence later this year, and energisation expected before the end of 2022. Matt Rebbeck, RES’ CEO in Australia commented, “We are very pleased to continue our strong global relationship with Iberdrola and are excited to see the project progress with them. We would like to thank the forward-thinking NSW Department for Planning Industry and Environment, Lumea, the local Narrandera Shire Council and the local community who have shown huge support for this project”. “Having delivered multiple large-scale renewable energy projects in Australia, with over 1.21GW of projects now in construction or operational, RES is delighted to progress another project in NSW. The Avonlie Solar Farm will create more than 230 full time local jobs during construction and provide significant regional benefits and deliver on our vision of a future where everyone has access to affordable zero carbon energy”. Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of Iberdrola Australia, Ross Rolfe, AO, said: “At Iberdrola Australia our strategy is to put customers at the centre of the energy transition. We are seeing a rapidly growing number of commercial and industrial customers adopting Net Zero targets and transitioning to one hundred per cent renewable electricity contracts. At Iberdrola Australia we invest not only in low-cost renewables – like the 245MW Avonlie Solar Farm – but also flexible, fast start firming capacity, ensuring the electricity system remains reliable as renewable penetration grows. This optimised portfolio enables us to provide our growing customer base with long-term electricity contracts that are at once reliable, affordable and clean.” Lumea’s Chief Executive Officer, Richard Lowe said “We congratulate RES and Iberdrola on achieving this milestone. Lumea is delighted to continue our relationship with both customers and provide innovative technical solutions and commercial approaches required to quickly deliver reliable, renewable energy to the National Energy Market.” The project will directly connect to a dual 132kV grid connection which passes through the project site. About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage and transmission and distribution. At the forefront of the industry for nearly 40 years, RES has delivered more than 21GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 7.5GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,000 people and is active in 10 countries. RES has a development portfolio of over 4.7GW in Australia and has an asset management portfolio of over 1.2GW within the country. DNV have reported how assets managed by RES perform 1% better than the market average. Over the life of a 100MW wind farm that could be the equivalent over $4.5 million AUS in additional yield revenue. www.res-group.com Contact Susan Findlay Tickner – Communications Manager (Australia-based) +61 428 622 352 [email protected] Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery