Rödene Wind Farm officially inaugurated - marking important milestone in the Swedish energy mix - RES sv en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us sv en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / Rödene Wind Farm officially inaugurated – marking important milestone in the Swedish energy mix Rödene Wind Farm officially inaugurated – marking important milestone in the Swedish energy mix by RES | Oct 03, 2023 | Reading time: 4 min News Onshore wind People RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, is proud to announce the official inauguration of Rödene Wind Farm in Alingsås, Sweden. RES, together with Mirova and Octopus Energy Generation, invited the local communities on 27 September to take part in the festivities. The inauguration celebrates the 13 turbines with a total installed capacity of 85.8 MW, the equivalent of powering 40,000 homes in Sweden or the entirety of Alingsås municipality. The newly established Rödene Wind Farm, situated outside Alingsås in Västra Götaland, Sweden, is developed and operated by RES and owned by Mirova, the affiliate of Natixis Investment Managers 100% dedicated to sustainable finance, and Octopus Renewables – two major investors in renewable energy and driving forces accelerating the transition to net zero. The project consists of 13 Siemens Gamesa turbines with a total installed capacity of 85.8 MW, the equivalent of powering 40,000 homes in Sweden, resulting in a yearly saving of 230,000 tons of CO 2 equivalent. Rödene Wind Farm is unique in its location, it is situated close to the city, and the construction of the wind farm has enabled a rich outdoor experience for the local communities. Matilda Afzelius, CEO of RES in the Nordics, commented : “The inauguration of Rödene Wind Farm marks an important milestone for the energy mix in Sweden. It is also a testament to the dedication and collaboration that we’ve had with the local communities as well as our long time partners Mirova and Octopus Renewables. Rödene Wind Farm is situated close to Alingsås city and has opened up and created accessibility for the local community. Today we see it being used for mountain biking, mushroom picking, hiking and many more outdoor activities as well as producing renewable energy into the system.” The project has been successful and one defining key is the close collaboration with the municipalities and partners. Olena Reznik, Investment Director at Mirova, added: “We are delighted to celebrate Rödene’s inauguration as it is a flagship project for Alingsås community and for RES. It is furthermore remarkable as it is one of the first projects to be built using the state of the art wind platform developed by Siemens. All parties have done a great job to make Rödene a success and to make another step towards decarbonization of the Alingsas area.” The inauguration was attended by over 500 residents of all ages from Alingsås and Vårgårda municipalities, local politicians and partners. The ceremony featured many outdoor activities as well as speeches highlighting the significance of wind farms such as Rödene in the transition towards a sustainable energy future. Ian Dunn, Asset Director for Wind at Octopus Energy Generation, commented: “Officially inaugurating this wind farm is an absolutely fantastic milestone. Onshore wind farms like these are generating much-needed clean green power for Sweden, and helping to drive the energy transformation which is a key priority for us.” – END – For more information, please contact: Adrian Holmgren Senior Asset Manager M +46 (0) 70 6337733 [email protected] Notes to editors: About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company and is active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, green hydrogen, transmission and distribution. As an industry innovator for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,500 passionate people and is active in 14 countries. www.res-group.com About Octopus Energy Generation Octopus Energy Generation, part of the Octopus Energy Group, is a specialist clean energy investor. Launched in 2010 its mission is to accelerate the transition to a future powered by renewable energy. It has a diverse portfolio of assets with a capacity of over 2.8GW, making it the largest commercial solar investor in Europe and a leading investor in onshore wind. About Mirova Mirova is a management company dedicated to sustainable investments and an affiliate of Natixis Investment Managers. Through conviction management, Mirova’s goal is to combine long-term value creation and sustainable development. Pioneers in many areas of sustainable finance, Mirova’s talents aim to continue innovating in order to offer their clients solutions with high environmental and social impact. Mirova has been active in the energy transition infrastructure sector for 20 years and has financed more than 330 projects for a total of over 6.5 GW of potential generation capacity across Europe and Asia. Reaffirming its position as a major European player in renewable energy, storage and low-carbon mobility, the company has recently completed the raising of €1.6 billion for its fifth energy transition infrastructure equity fund. MIROVA Portfolio Management Company – Anonymous Company RCS Paris No.394 648 216 – AMF Accreditation No. GP 02-014 59, Avenue Pierre Mendes France – 75013 – Paris Mirova is an affiliate of Natixis Investment Managers. Website – LinkedIn About Natixis Investment Managers Natixis Investment Managers’ multi-affiliate approach connects clients to the independent thinking and focused expertise of more than 15 active managers. Ranked among the world’s largest asset managers with more than $1.2 trillion assets under management2 (€1.1 trillion), Natixis Investment Managers delivers a diverse range of solutions across asset classes, styles, and vehicles, including innovative environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategies and products dedicated to advancing sustainable finance. The firm partners with clients in order to understand their unique needs and provide insights and investment solutions tailored to their long-term goals. Not all offerings are available in all jurisdictions. For additional information, please visit Natixis Investment Managers’ website at im.natixis.com | LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/natixis-investment-managers . Natixis Investment Managers’ distribution and service groups include Natixis Distribution, LLC, a limited purpose broker-dealer and the distributor of various US registered investment companies for which advisory services are provided by affiliated firms of Natixis Investment Managers, Natixis Investment Managers S.A. (Luxembourg), Natixis Investment Managers International (France), and their affiliated distribution and service entities in Europe and Asia. NATIXIS INVESTMENT MANAGERS French Public Limited liability company RCS Paris n°453 952 681 Registered Office: 59, avenue Pierre Mendès-France – 75013 Paris Natixis Investment Managers is a subsidiary of Natixis. Share this article Related Services RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, is proud to announce the official inauguration of Rödene Wind Farm in Alingsås, Sweden. RES, together with Mirova and Octopus Energy Generation, invited the local communities on 27 September to take part in the festivities. The inauguration celebrates the 13 turbines with... Read more Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents