Helping industry use green hydrogen in Northern Sweden. - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / Videos / Helping industry use green hydrogen in Northern Sweden. Helping industry use green hydrogen in Northern Sweden. by RES | Apr 28, 2023 | Reading time: < 1 min Videos Development Green Hydrogen This development is an important step in enabling local industry to embrace the energy transition and harness clean power, protecting the environment as well as supporting growth in the local economy. Through collaboration and innovation RES are helping create a future where green hydrogen can play a key role in the clean energy mix. Watch the video below to find out more about this project and to hear directly from the project team, the municipality officials and the community members about the benefits this project will bring to Ånge. Share this article Related technologies Development Read more Communities Read more Contact us Contact us Powering a clean energy future for communities in Sweden The Ånge Municipality is nestled in the rolling hills and forests of central Sweden, with beautiful scenery and rich in natural resources. But, over recent years it’s people have struggled from the loss of local industry, vital to maintaining a thriving population and community. The people of Ånge are passionate about working with their natural resources to create a clean energy future that will help the community thrive once more. They have partnered with RES to help transform their municipality into a green energy hub by starting the development of a green hydrogen plant which will utilise electricity produced from local wind farms. This innovative and sustainable use of local resources in collaboration with local communities is a demonstration of the RES vision in action, creating a future where everyone has access to affordable zero carbon energy. A green hub for growth Once completed the plant will become a catalyst for industrial growth in the community and the heart of an emerging green industrial cluster. The project is already generating great interest from companies in manufacturing, battery storage and fuel where share they significant electricity needs, from tens to hundreds of megawatts. 500 MW Installed capacity once complete and operational. 82,000 tonnes Up to 82,000 tonnes of hydrogen gas produced each year. 300 jobs Up to 300 jobs expected to be directly and indirectly created through the the project and positive impact to the community. 145 hectares 145 hectare site planned with the possibility of expansion in the future. The demand for green hydrogen is constantly increasing because the requirements are generally strengthened for all businesses to become more environmentally sustainable. Conditions such as available land, good access to transport, locally produced green electricity in a price area with low electricity price, process water and green hydrogen, makes Alby a very attractive area for new industries. Sigrid Nord Development Project Manager, RES Related resources Read more about our work in green hydrogen See all resources Events Construction Development Energy Storage Green Hydrogen Offshore Wind Onshore wind Solar Wind Legal & Finance 2023 RES will be attending RUK’s Legal & Finance Conference on 23rd November 2023. The conference will bring together professionals in both sectors who advise and execute strategies and projects across the renewables sector, including those who procure their services both on contractual matters and the problems arising from them. Read more Events Development Energy Storage Green Hydrogen Offshore Wind UK-Türkiye Clean Technologies Partnership Event (Istanbul) Türkiye’s Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources have recently announced ambitious clean energy targets including 5GW electrolyser capacity, 5GW offshore wind, and 7.5GW battery capacity by 2035.This event, organised by The Department for Business and Trade (DBT), will focus on available opportunities in the Turkish clean energy market and opportunities… Read more Events Development Green Hydrogen Reuters Events: Energy Transition Europe 2023 RES will be attending the Reuters Events: Energy Transition Europe 2023 with Marco Perona, CEO EMEA, speaking on panel – The Hydrogen Horizon – The Key to Decarbonising European Industry? Read more What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents