Taking the digital twin to the next level - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / Blog / Taking the digital twin to the next level Taking the digital twin to the next level by RES | Jan 28, 2022 | Reading time: 2 min Blog Asset Management Digital Typically, digital twins used to help improve asset performance are simple models that help spot underperformance by comparing resource availability with power output (“power curves”). What happens when you take this a step further and develop a virtual asset model? Digital twins – the virtual model of a process, product or service – have been commonly used in the renewable industry to gain insights into the health and performance of renewable assets. By digitising much of the data collection and reporting a greater depth of information, digital twins can be used to understand why a facility isn’t performing as planned, leading to changes that can be implemented to maximise generation and financial performance – such as dynamic operations in response to environmental constraints. Typically, digital twins are simple models that help us to spot under-performance by comparing resource availability with power output (“power curves”) that are widely used in the industry. However, by pooling the expertise of our technical analysts and data scientists, RES’ has recently taken the “digital twin” to the next level by creating a virtual model of one of the commercial energy storage projects that we manage. Originally designed to understand the interplay between asset lifetime and throughput, the model has been refined based on real world experience to improve its accuracy. This virtual model, which was built using our suite of software-based storage simulation tools, cloud computing technologies and data feeds from the site, can now be used to adjust the control algorithms of the battery enabling performance to be optimised and the life of the asset extended. Whereas most digital twins are simple regression models, this is a ‘true’ twin, modelling many inputs and their interactions, calibrated by tuning the model parameters to accurately represent the battery sizing, electrical efficiencies and control algorithm implementation. The physical model and results database are hosted in the cloud and results are updated every day based on the latest data from site. This enables our performance analysts to compare actual and expected performance metrics including power, throughput, state of charge and the accuracy of the battery’s actual response versus the required response. We can then understand if deviations from budgets should be expected, for instance due to frequency characteristics that are beyond the control of the asset or if there are operational issues such as control mode misconfiguration, plant malfunction or battery degradation that can be resolved. Using the digital twin on the storage project, operational data showed that there was a reduction of throughput of approximately 11%. The model enabled us to see that an apparent drop in the performance of the plant was actually driven by changes of the frequency characteristics and not due to operational issues. This insight enabled changes to be made to the battery control algorithms, helping to extend the life of the asset by approximately four years. This framework can be used to build new digital twins for other renewable projects across solar, wind, offshore and storage assets helping asset owners and investors to maximise the efficiency of individual sites and portfolios. Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents