RES COMPLETES SALE OF ALBERTA PROJECT TO ACCIONA ENERGÍA - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / RES COMPLETES SALE OF ALBERTA PROJECT TO ACCIONA ENERGÍA RES COMPLETES SALE OF ALBERTA PROJECT TO ACCIONA ENERGÍA by RES | Aug 31, 2023 | Reading time: 3 min News Uncategorized @au At full 400 MW capacity in 2025, Forty Mile wind farm would be Canada’s largest MONTREAL (August 30, 2023) – RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, has completed the asset sale of its Forty Mile Wind project in Alberta to ACCIONA Energía. RES will continue its work on the site in County of Forty Mile No. 8 as Balance of Plant construction contractor, with ACCIONA Energía planning to initiate operations in early 2025. The largest RES-developed project in Canada, Forty Mile will be constructed in two phases: Phase 1 will feature 49 turbines for a total generating capacity of approximately 280MW, with the option for Phase 2 with 21 turbines with an additional capacity of 120MW. At its full 400MW capacity, Forty Mile would be Canada’s largest wind farm, generating enough energy to power nearly 230,000 Albertan homes. The project will employ approximately 250 people during peak construction later this year. “RES has been at the forefront of energy transition for more than 40 years, developing, constructing and operating assets that continue to expand access to affordable zero-carbon energy. The Forty Mile wind project is a significant energy transition milestone for the county, the province and Canada,” said John Rohde, CEO, RES Americas. “We appreciate the strong support from the County of Forty Mile and the community throughout the development, and we’re now ready to move into construction alongside ACCIONA Energía.” RES and ACCIONA Energía will work closely with stakeholders, including local governmental agencies and landowners to ensure a smooth transition and to maximize the positive impacts of the project on the community. “This acquisition aligns with our long-term view of expanding ACCIONA Energía’s renewable portfolio and underscores our commitment to a greener, more sustainable future,” said Joaquin Castillo, CEO of ACCIONA North America. “The project not only strengthens our operational footprint but also reinforces our commitment to local communities. Through our Social Impact Management program, ACCIONA Energía will reinvest a portion of its annual revenue to support education, wellness and environmental stewardship programs in the local community.” The main energy and environmental attribute supply offtake from Forty Mile will go to Cenovus Energy, a Canadian-based integrated energy company, via a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA) as part of its efforts to offset a portion of its electricity-related emissions. The balance of supply from the project will contribute clean energy to Alberta’s merchant power and carbon offset markets. Federal programs such as the Smart Renewables and Electrification Pathways (SREP) program and the Clean Technology Investment Tax Credit (ITC) and Alberta’s Technology Innovation and Emissions Reduction (TIER) regulation play a significant role in driving the development of and investments in renewable energy projects such as Forty Mile. “These federal and provincial programs help drive the development of renewable energy sources by encouraging private-sector investment, driving job creation and stimulating local economies in Canada,” said Rohde. Forty Mile is the seventh project RES has developed in Alberta and its 23 rd in Canada. It builds on the success of the adjacent 125MW Rattlesnake Ridge wind project, also developed by RES. Over the past 20 years, RES has been involved in the development of 3.2GW of wind and solar projects and overseen the construction of nearly 1.8GW of wind, solar, transmission and storage projects in Canada. The company continues to develop utility-scale wind, solar and battery storage projects across the country. ENDS MEDIA CONTACT Susan Mays [email protected] +1 303-330-1033 RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company and is active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, green hydrogen, transmission and distribution. As an industry innovator for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,500 passionate people and is active in 14 countries. www.res-group.com ACCIONA Energía is the largest 100% renewable energy company with no fossil legacy in the world. It has 11,942GW of renewable energy and commercial operations in 20 countries. With 30 years of experience, ACCIONA Energía offers a complete portfolio of tailor-made energy solutions for its corporate and institutional clients to meet their decarbonization goals. ACCIONA Energía is committed to the highest environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) standards. ACCIONA S.A., a leading global company in the provision of regenerative solutions for a decarbonized economy, is the reference shareholder of ACCIONA Energía. www.acciona-Energía.com Share this article Related Services Development Read more Construction Read more Related technologies Wind Read more Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery