Field Engineer I Transmission and Distribution (Early Career) us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Careers / Current opportunities / Field Engineer I Transmission and Distribution (Early Career) Current opportunities Field Engineer I Transmission and Distribution (Early Career) Apply now We are committed to building a workplace where everyone feels heard and respected, and extending our culture of care so that every individual can reach their full potential. We want you to have a sense of belonging and feel valued for your contributions and the perspectives you bring. Summary Field Engineer I – Transmission & Distribution will work on projects and assist Project Managers and Superintendents with day-to-day activities at the job site. This person will support multiple aspects of engineer, procure and construct projects in the renewable energy sector. Monitors production and cost and compares to the job budget. Provides accurate daily construction activity data and quantities to the Project Engineer and Project Cost Engineer. Supports the Project Manager, Project Engineer, and Project Cost Engineer in budget and schedule preparation prior to commencement of the project. Measures and report completed work and progress versus the baseline schedule. Compiles project quality and closeout documentation. Tracks staffing and equipment levels, production quantities, and works with the Superintendents to measure work quantities and then delivers that data to the Project Engineer, and Project Cost Engineer for tracking purposes. Assists superintendents with preparation of project schedules. Communicates via: in-person conversations, email interactions, site reports, meetings and teleconferences as needed. Participates in project meetings with engineers, subcontractors, and clients. Supports Project Manager with client communications, RFIs, submittals, and change management. Works directly with the Superintendents, Project Engineer, and Project Cost Engineer to ensure that labor, equipment, and materials are procured in a timely manner to support the project schedule. Communicates variances and changes to the Project Engineer and Project Cost Engineer. Provides feedback to the Project Engineer to support continuous improvement. Performs quality control activities on the jobsite to ensure that work is being completed in accordance with project plans and specifications as well as industry best practice. Performs quality control checks and provides daily direction to quality control inspectors to ensure processes are implemented according to the quality plan and that all work is inspected in a timely and consistent manner. Utilizes, and ensures utilization of, the Safety Management System (SMS), the Quality Management System (QMS), the Environmental Management System (EMS), and technical procedures. Ensures that all necessary field surveying and staking out is performed in time, accurately, and in accordance with the approved construction drawings, to support the performance of the construction work in accordance with the project schedule. Works with the Project Engineer to resolve technical and engineering queries that arise from the field, including drafting/completing documents such as requests for information, technical enquiry forms, and transmittals. Attends work regularly and punctually, as scheduled or expected. Complies with Employee Handbook, Code of Conduct and Company Policies & Procedures. Presents, supports, and leads-by-example with a safety and quality-oriented attitude. Support engineering and procurement with takeoff, vendor solicitation, and subcontracting. Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Construction Management or equivalent (eight years of relevant experience) required 0-1 years work experience in Electrical, Renewable Energy, and Engineer Procure Construct contract experience Valid Driver's License Required Construction site safety and OSHA requirements Quality assurance processes Reading prints and drawings and taking off quantities Arranging for surveying and staking out work Interpretation of scopes of work Use of computer software, including Microsoft Suite, and other proprietary systems Interpretation of a project schedule Planning and task direction Vendor and materials management Understanding environmental concepts Anticipated base salary range : $65,000 – $75,000 Premium Daily Per Diem paid for food, lodging, rotational travel The start date for these roles will either be in January/February 2024 or June/July 2024. The final agreed upon compensation is based on individual education, qualifications, experience, and work location. This position is bonus eligible. Physical requirements and environment : The work environment and physical demands characteristics are representatives of those the employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. The position involves heavy work. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is exposed Rarely: Climbing, Pinching, Stooping; Occasionally: Carrying (5-15lbs), Crouching, Grasping, Gripping, Handling, Kneeling, Pulling (5-15lbs), Pushing (5-15lbs), Lifting (5-15lbs), Reaching, Standing, Walking; Frequently: Repetitive Motion; Constantly: Reading, Hearing, Vision, Sitting. The Employee is rarely exposed to extreme cold, extreme heat, humidity, wet, noise, hazards, or vibrations We maintain a drug-free workplace. Candidates will be required to pass a pre-employment background investigation and drug test as a condition of employment. RES is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, sex, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state, or local laws. #LI-Onsite Apply now Department Americas - Construction T&D - Non Craft Project - 231 Location United States, Texas, Afton, Dickens Substation United States, Mississippi, Columbus, Golden Triangle 2 Sub/T-Line/BESS United States, Texas, Pecos, Hydra Bess United States, Texas, Fort Stockton, Pavo BESS United States, Nevada, Boulder City, Silver Peak United States, New Mexico, Rio Rancho, Atrisco Substation Employment type Regular Full-Time Apply now Share this position View all opportunities What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents