Landowners - RES us au tr sv de en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources Press Events Blog Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources Press Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Turkey UK USA Canada Australia Home Development Landowners Landowners A partnership you can rely on Working in close collaboration with landowners, farmers, First Nations, and local communities, we believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Contact the team We create long-term relationships We deliver clean energy projects in collaboration and through creating meaningful, productive relationships, so together we can realize the long-term economic and environmental benefits that access to zero carbon power will bring. Clean energy projects are long-term commitments. A dedicated team member will be your main point of contact and work closely with you throughout the entire development process. Why RES? We team up with landowners to create successful projects that maximize local environmental, social, and economic benefits, while transforming the way the world produces and consumes energy. We’ll handle everything throughout the development process, including liaising with consultants, planning authorities, the public, media, and contractors, all while respecting your wishes and minimizing disturbance to existing activities on your land. End-to-end project management A dedicated, local project manager provides access to our in-house skills across all aspects of project development. Structured approach Tried and tested approach to mitigate project risk and deliver above market success rates. Respect for land In support of rural diversification, we design projects that co-exist with farming or land use and have minimum land impact. Stakeholder relationships Engaging with local communities and First Nation through specialized community liaison teams. Technologies Underpinned by innovation and a drive to make the world a better place. Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Wind Delivering both onshore and offshore wind projects, carefully balancing safety, cost, risk, and opportunity to drive best-in-class results. Learn more Solar Using our wealth of industry experience to develop, build and operate high performing utility scale solar farms. Learn more Transmission & distribution Building and maintaining the electrical infrastructure needed for energy resilience and new power projects. Learn more Energy storage Powering flexible ways to facilitate clean energy using our innovative energy storage solutions. Learn more Green hydrogen Helping decarbonize industry by delivering green hydrogen plants fueled by clean energy. Learn more 1 of 5 Delivering both onshore and offshore wind projects, carefully balancing safety, cost, risk, and opportunity to drive best-in-class results. Learn more Using our wealth of industry experience to develop, build and operate high performing utility scale solar farms. Learn more Building and maintaining the electrical infrastructure needed for energy resilience and new power projects. Learn more Powering flexible ways to facilitate clean energy using our innovative energy storage solutions. Learn more Helping decarbonize industry by delivering green hydrogen plants fueled by clean energy. Learn more Latest resources Learn more about our projects Read more News Construction Energy Storage Construction of First DC/DC Retrofit Battery Energy Storage System in Virginia Complete RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, today announced the successful completion of the Scott Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) pilot project constructed on behalf of client, Dominion Energy. The 12MW/48MWh project consists of three independent systems located at one site – an AC-coupled Battery Energy Storage System and… Read more News Construction Wind 200MW Bekevar Wind Farm reaches financial close Renewable energy investment platform, Innagreen, and Cowessess First Nation-owned entity, Awasis Nehiyawewini Energy Development Limited Partnership (‘ANEDLP’), buy Bekevar Wind Farm from RES Bekevar will help drive Saskatchewan’s transition from coal to renewables The Canada Infrastructure Bank (CIB) is investing $173 million towards the clean energy project NORD/LB is also… Read more News Construction Solar RES Completes Construction of 57.5 MW Tanglewood Solar Project in Georgia RES (Renewable Energy Systems), a leader in the development, engineering, and construction of wind, solar, transmission, and energy storage projects is pleased to announce that it has completed construction of the GA Solar 3 – Tanglewood Solar project, developed and owned by Origis Energy. The 57.5 MW solar project is… Read more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Modern Slavery Anthem – transparency in coverage