Climbing high: RES’ Turbine Apprentices begin first day on the job - RES en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / Climbing high: RES’ Turbine Apprentices begin first day on the job Climbing high: RES’ Turbine Apprentices begin first day on the job by RES | Oct 04, 2023 | Reading time: 3 min News O&M Offshore Wind Onshore wind People RES’ O&M (Operation & Maintenance) apprentices have started their first site placements, 12 months since beginning their turbine technician apprenticeship with RES. Six members of the future renewables workforce have taken their next steps in becoming fully qualified turbine technicians. In pairs the apprentices have relocated to three communities, where they have started work on wind farms that are O&M managed by RES. The apprentices are spread across the length and breadth of the UK, with placements at projects in Argyll, the Humber and Cornwall. After six months, the pairs will rotate to a new location allowing them to experience different projects with their varying opportunities and challenges. Sam Sullivan, RES’ Wind Turbine Technician Apprentice said: “Being able to gain practical experience as well as understanding the daily tasks of a wind turbine technician on site has been brilliant. “I’m enjoying my time in Scotland and I’m very grateful to everyone at RES and in the local community for making us feel welcomed at our new site. It’s a great opportunity and I look forward to the future with RES.” Prior to setting off for site the apprentices recently dipped their toes in the water at a state-of-the-art training facility where they completed GWO-accredited courses in sea survival, working at height, manual handling, advanced hub rescue, first aid and fire awareness. In addition to the six apprentices currently on placement in England and Scotland, RES’ turbine technician workforce in Ireland is also expanding. In partnership with South West College, RES has recently onboarded two additional apprentices who will be based in RES’ O&M turbine workshop in Letterkenny. Facilitating an expansive apprentice relocation is a first for RES, a company commitment to investing in a skilled and experienced workforce. By training the apprentices on sites managed by RES, the apprentices will receive passionate mentorship and have access to invaluable teaching, delivered in-house by some of the industry’s most qualified and experienced turbine specialists. Furthermore, RES’ O&M business can continue to expand by enabling the supply of O&M personnel with comprehensive skill and knowledge. Simon Deacon, Director of Operations and Maintenance at RES commented: “ RES are not only investors in renewable energy but also in the education and career prospects of the next generation of renewable energy leaders. Our apprentices are a credit to RES and have shown unbounded enthusiasm in their first year with us. Their time on site will be a big learning curve but I have every confidence that all of them will emerge as highly skilled and experienced technicians for RES. – END – Notes to editors: About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company and is active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, green hydrogen, transmission and distribution. As an industry innovator for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,500 passionate people and is active in 14 countries. Visit www.res-group.com CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: RES Press Office Callum Whiteford +44 (0) 141 404 5560 +44 (0) 7500 937925 [email protected] Share this article Related Services Operations and maintenance Read more Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents