RES secures O&M contract at Walney 1 - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / RES secures O&M contract at Walney 1 RES secures O&M contract at Walney 1 by RES | May 03, 2022 | Reading time: 2 min News éolien O&M Offshore Wind RES, the world’s leading renewable energy developer, has been awarded a contract to provide Operations and Maintenance (O&M) services for offshore transmission (OFTO) assets at Walney 1 Offshore Wind Farm. The commitment to a new contract by Blue Transmission Walney 1 Ltd, following a competitive tendering process, means RES will provide scheduled and unscheduled maintenance of equipment, site management, logistics and control centre services. RES has been involved in the offshore wind sector since its beginnings in the 1990’s and already provides similar services for Blue Transmission Walney 2 Ltd. As part of the new contract RES will continue to deliver all HV services for Walney 1 OFTO, including 24/7/365 monitoring by RES’ Control Centre . Robert Fradley, RES Head of Offshore Wind, said: “For the past five years we’ve been providing OFTO services for Blue Transmissions Walney 1 & 2. In that time, we’ve worked closely with our client to deliver a high-quality service that focusses on availability which helps our client maximise the value of their asset. This contract renewal is validation of this approach.” Gary Thornton, Director, at Blue Transmission, said: “RES was selected due to their expertise in the offshore wind industry, including their knowledge of engineering, technical and operational matters. RES performed well delivering services for Walney 1 and 2 OFTO and we look forward to continuing this partnership.” Walney 1 Offshore Wind Farm is located in the Irish Sea, off the Cumbrian coast, with the offshore substation platform located 15km from the coast of Walney Island and 18km from Barrow-in-Furness. The offshore substation is connected to the shore by a 45km undersea cable, which comes ashore near Heysham. The onshore cables, which are about 3km long, connect to the onshore substation at Heysham. RES works to maximise the value of assets, and its offshore O&M services includes data management, marine coordination and weather forecasting, subsea inspections and more. RES now delivers offshore O&M services to six OFTO’s, comprising eight substations. Notes to editors: About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage and transmission and distribution. At the forefront of the industry for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 22GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 9GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,000 people and is active in 11 countries. For further information about RES, visit www.res-group.com CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Callum Whiteford RES Press Office +44 141 404 5560 +44 7500 937 925 [email protected] Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery