Ashley Young #TeamRenewables - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / People Stories / Ashley Young #TeamRenewables Ashley Young #TeamRenewables by RES | May 24, 2023 | Reading time: 3 min People Stories People Within RES, we have a large team of specialists ranging from tax and management accountants to administrators, currently servicing more than 150 projects for clients across the full lifecycle of wind, solar and energy storage projects. In this latest edition of Team Renewables, we speak to Ashley Young, Assistant Finance Manager in RES’ Financial Asset Management team in the UK&I. Find out more about Ashley in the latest #TeamRenewables: Career Journey Following my Business Management degree at Kingston University I was unsure, like many, about what I wanted to pursue but fell into a finance role at a prison due to my good mathematics GCSE’s. After some lived experience in the finance industry, I realised it was something I wanted to pursue. While doing my AAT and ACCA qualification’s, I held roles at; an Electronics company, a Racecourse, a surgical equipment company and then onto REG (later acquired by RES). Each role has given me a useful insight into different industries and helped build on my skills. Every role before RES was mostly focused on profit but now it’s refreshing to be at a company which has goals more focused on more than just money – working towards a more sustainable future is something to be proud of. What are you most proud of at RES? Personally, what I enjoy about working in finance is problem solving and creating reports using spreadsheets. Over my time with the company, I started off financially managing ten renewable energy companies and at one point it was over 25. I am proud to say that all my clients are very happy with the level of service and kindly often remind me of this. Recently, RES were appointed financial asset manager (FAM) for a 240MW project acquired by one of our clients, positioning me as the lead contact for the project. For another client I created a financial dashboard to present the consolidated performance of over 30 assets which they were very happy with. Where do you see your career in five years’ time? I have never been a career driven person, if I am happy in my role then that’s my aim. So, I see myself in five years doing a similar role that I am currently doing now but with the current progression of the company. I see RES acquiring more FAM contracts consequently increasing the portfolio or number of people I manage. The Role I’m based in Guildford where there are nine people , in the FAM team of which I manage three. We provide financial asset management to the client which includes; management accounts, preparation of financial statements, budgeting, quarterly board reports, distributions, bank model submission and other ad hoc reporting. My role is to ensure that the financial information is accurate and presented professionally and in the format that suits the client. Over time my role has become more of a reviewer than processor, so I am responsible for checking most of the work before it is sent to the client. This is either in the form of monthly reports or quarterly board meetings. A day in the life The management accounts process is fairly consistent each month whereby from the 1 st to the 12 th involves finalising the previous month’s financials but the work for the rest of the month can vary (depending on the month). What can be quite time-consuming is the preparation of the financial statements and the onboarding of new companies. The onboarding process is always an interesting task which involves understanding how other companies manage their assets and carry out their services. This often highlights how good the service RES provides is and why we are an industry leader. Tell us about your favourite hobbies and interests I am fairly active when it comes to hobbies, I enjoy almost all sports and pre-covid I used to play football twice a week which I hope to get back into. I also like to go to the gym (I think all the pictures of me playing sports or going to the gym are over 10 years old!) I love to eat out, so I am always looking for new places to try. Apart from that, most of my time is spent with my family, I’ve got two kids who are six and eight, so they are at a good age where they want to spend time with me! Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery