Approval for ground-mounted photovoltaic park in Öhningen - RES us au tr de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / Approval for ground-mounted photovoltaic park in Öhningen Approval for ground-mounted photovoltaic park in Öhningen by RES | Nov 30, 2022 | Reading time: 2 min News Development Solar The municipal council of Öhningen in Germany has unanimously approved the development of a ground-mounted photovoltaic park in the district of Schienen, following an application by RES. The new site, which is approximately eight hectares, will be located on the Höri peninsula in the district of Constance. This is equivalent to the size of approximately eleven football fields. RES will lease the private land required for the site. The municipality of Öhningen will initiate a development plan procedure upon application. Once operational, it is estimated that the new solar park will generate enough clean electricity to power two thirds of Öhningen’s total energy demand. Potential open space area for ground-mounted photovoltaic park in Öhningen RES erhält Zustimmung für den Bau einer Freiflächen-Photovoltaik-Anlage in Öhningen Der Gemeinderat der Gemeinde Öhningen am Bodensee genehmigt am 15. November 2022 nach Antrag die Realisierung einer Freiflächen-PV-Anlage im Ortsteil Schienen einstimmig. Auf der Halbinsel Höri im Landkreis Konstanz kann nun eine rund acht Hektar große Freiflächen-Photovoltaik-Anlage entstehen. Das entspricht einer Größe von circa elf Fußballfeldern. Die Zustimmung zum Bau dieser PV-Anlage erfolgte zugunsten von RES aus Vörstetten bei Freiburg. Genehmigt wurde eine der vier ursprünglich beantragten Freiflächen. Das zirka 7,6 ha große Areal befindet sich in der Nähe des Öhninger Ortsteils Schienen, an der Grenze zur Schweiz. Die Anlage wird auf einem privaten Grundstück erbaut. RES wird die dafür erforderlichen Flächen pachten, die Gemeinde Öhningen leitet im nächsten Schritt auf Antrag ein Bebauungsplanverfahren ein. Diese PV-Anlage kann rund zwei Drittel des gesamten Energiebedarfs der Gemeinde Öhningen decken. Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery