AeroUp - Wind - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources Press Events Blog Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources Press Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Turkey UK USA Canada Australia Home Digital solutions AeroUp – Wind Digital Solutions AeroUp - improve the performance of your blades Increasing annual energy production on your turbine by up to 5% through improved aerodynamics. Contact the team Enhance Energy Uplift RES will end-to-end package and deliver the most beneficial aerodynamic upgrades based on your ambitions and specific wind farm. We then deliver our bespoke digital TuneUp to further enhance energy uplift and ensure the entire potential of the upgrades is achieved. Why AeroUp? Our fully-wrapped commercial offering gives you access to the most innovative aerodynamic upgrades in the industry, helping increase the output and performance of existing assets. Tailored Solution Using our years of industry experience and end to end understanding of turbine design, operation and development, we will tailor a solution using a mix of upgrades to meet the specific needs of each wind farm. TuneUp Software Technology upgrades are combined with our proprietary TuneUp software, which allows us to derive the optimal settings for the turbine controller, bringing additional uplift beyond the hardware upgrades alone. End-to-end service From the feasibility studies through to installation, validation and reporting, we will take care of every step of the process. We fully package the solution into one contract simplifying the process for you. Results Based Commercial Offering Our offering is unique as the pricing is based on the performance of the product. Quality Assurance As the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, with decades of expertise spanning the full project lifecycle, you know that you are in safe hands. Inspired by F1 AeroUp uses aerodynamic technologies inspired by those found in modern race cars and aircraft, which were developed by engineers with F1 and aerospace backgrounds. Resources Learn more about our projects Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Wind turbine data independence promises a future rich with possibilities Although turbines have produced a high frequency of data for the best part of two decades, it has remained largely untapped by asset owners for optimising their assets’ performance Read more Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Five ways automation will change the wind industry: from turning autonomous turbines into high performing teams to sending in the bladebots We look at five striking ways that automation is creating positive change in the performance of offshore and onshore wind. Read more News Corporate Digital People RES Strengthens Digital Products and Solutions offering to customers Arun Narayanan appointed as RES’ new Chief Digital Officer to lead digital transformation. Up to 5% energy yield increases for wind projects with new AeroUp product RES has strengthened its digital products and solutions offering with the appointment of new hire Arun Narayanan to the role of Chief Digital Officer… Read more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Modern Slavery Anthem – transparency in coverage