Events Archives - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / Events Events Search Category All All Technologies Asset Management Construction Development Digital Energy Storage éolien Green Hydrogen HV O&M Offshore Wind Onshore wind People Repowering Solar T&D Uncategorized @au Wind Region All Australia Canada France Germany Nordics Spain Türkiye UK&I USA Content type All Blog Case Studies Events News People Stories Videos Clear Case Studies Asset Management O&M Solar Revamping and key component upgrade of four ground-mounted solar projects Read more Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Wind turbine data independence promises a future rich with possibilities Although turbines have produced a high frequency of data for the best part of two decades, it has remained largely untapped by asset owners for optimising their assets’ performance Read more Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Five ways automation will change the wind industry: from turning autonomous turbines into high performing teams to sending in the bladebots We look at five striking ways that automation is creating positive change in the performance of offshore and onshore wind. Read more News Construction Onshore wind People Wind Dulacca Wind Farm officially opened Read more People Stories People Claire Puttock - #TeamRenewables Read more Events Development Green Hydrogen Reuters Events: Energy Transition Europe 2023 RES will be attending the Reuters Events: Energy Transition Europe 2023 with Marco Perona, CEO EMEA, speaking on panel - The Hydrogen Horizon – The Key to Decarbonising European Industry? Read more News Digital People Uncategorized @au RES Strengthens Digital Products and Solutions offering to customers Read more Events All Technologies Asset Management All-Energy Australia 2023 All-Energy Australia takes place from 25 - 26 October. We will be exhibiting at Stand UU151. Read more News Uncategorized @au RES COMPLETES SALE OF ALBERTA PROJECT TO ACCIONA ENERGÍA Read more Case Studies HV O&M HV Services Read more Events Asset Management Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind VIND 2023 VIND2023 takes place from 17 - 19 October in Stockholm, Sweden. Our team will be exhibiting so please stop by our stand 36 and meet our team. Read more Events Wind BNEF Summit London Richard Russell, RES CFO, will be speaking at the BNEF Summit London on Is Wind Still a Profitable Industry? Read more Events Wind Colloque National Eolien 2023 Colloque National Eolien 2023 takes from 4 - 5 October 2023. RES will be exhibiting at Stand 84. Read more People Stories HV People David Coad #TeamRenewables Read more Case Studies Asset Management Delivering an excellent ESG service Read more 1 2 3 4 ... What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery