RES unveils new Denver headquarters for Americas business - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources Press Events Blog Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources Press Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Turkey UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / RES unveils new Denver headquarters for Americas business RES unveils new Denver headquarters for Americas business by RES | Jan 18, 2023 | Reading time: 2 min News Corporate Human-centric design elevates employee experience DENVER – Jan. 17, 2023 – RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, today opened its new Americas headquarters in downtown Denver. The company selected the central, urban location with the aim of increasing accessibility and attracting a diverse pool of top talent from across the metropolitan area. Initially on the fourth floor of the McGregor Square Offices, the space will be home to approximately 180 employees. “Not only is the central location easily accessible and surrounded with amenities for our employees, customers and visitors, both the location and the human-centric design align with RES’s strong commitment to sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion,” says John Rohde, CEO of RES in the Americas. “We’re thrilled to start 2023 by opening this vibrant new office that’s designed around our people.” Informed by evidence-based strategies developed by the International WELL Building Council, the workspace design prioritizes the employee experience, keeping holistic health and wellness top-of-mind throughout the space. WELL’s 10 concepts act as a roadmap to help organizations deliver more thoughtful and intentional spaces that enhance human health and well-being. RES has implemented all the strategies and protocols necessary to earn a gold certification. The office is organized into six “neighborhoods” designed to support different work modalities and foster team collaboration with a mix of formal and informal space. From workstations with sit-stand surfaces and adjustable chairs and monitors to ensure ergonomic comfort, to focus rooms, wellness rooms and gender-neutral restrooms that allow for privacy, the space also accounts for a wide range of individual needs. As a renewable energy company committed to working toward a net-zero future, RES incorporated innovative sustainable practices, such as smart LED lighting fixtures that automatically adjust for the placement of the sun. With a location a five-minute walk from Denver’s Union Station, employees are encouraged to use public transportation and are offered RTD EcoPasses for unlimited bus and train rides. In late summer 2023, RES will expand to the building’s third floor and open a new operations control center. Part of the company’s expanding support services offering, the NERC medium-impact facility compliant control center will deliver full-service operations and maintenance, electrical grid support and real-time monitoring services for wind, solar, geothermal and battery storage assets across the U.S. and Canada – along with back-up support for European and Australian assets. The third floor will also be home to a training center and outdoor patio space for employees. The new RES office is located at 1601 19 th St., Suite 400 in Denver. The company previously was located north of Denver in Broomfield. About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage and transmission and distribution. At the forefront of the industry for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 22GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 9GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,000 people and is active in 11 countries. www.res-group.com Media Contact Susan Mays [email protected] 303-330-1033 Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Modern Slavery Anthem – transparency in coverage