Holmston Farm Energy Storage Project unanimously approved by committee - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / Holmston Farm Energy Storage Project unanimously approved by committee Holmston Farm Energy Storage Project unanimously approved by committee by RES | Jun 28, 2023 | Reading time: 2 min News Energy Storage Renewable energy company RES has received planning consent to build a new energy storage project in south west Scotland, following South Ayrshire Council’s decision to unanimously approve the scheme, in line with the case officer’s recommendation. Holmston Farm Energy Storage System is situated on land currently used as a commercial Christmas tree farm, north-east of Holmston roundabout, Ayr. The new 49.9MW facility will store electricity at times when generation exceeds demand, and release electricity back to the grid network when demand exceeds generation. It will facilitate the deployment of new wind, solar and other renewables, improving security of supply. Rebecca Meek, RES’ Head of Energy Storage in the UK&I, said : “We are very pleased that South Ayrshire Council has consented this carefully designed project which has been sited directly adjacent to the existing infrastructure of the Ayr substation, where the project will connect. This decision allows Holmston Farm Energy Storage System to play its part in supporting the jobs and economic growth created by our energy transition, while ensuring the safe and reliable operation of the grid network.” A detailed landscaping plan will provide a plentiful source of food and shelter for a range of wildlife. Measures such as the planting of new native woodland, species-rich grassland and the creation of a pond will provide significant biodiversity enhancement, and a biodiversity net gain of 15%. Further habitat enhancement opportunities, in the form of bat and bird boxes, insect ‘hotels’ and other measures are also proposed. More information can be found on the project website ( www.holmstonfarm-energystorage.co.uk ) which will be kept up to date as the project progresses. Employing over 150 people in Scotland alone, RES has developed and/or constructed 21 wind farms with a total generation capacity of 597MW. RES also operates its Global Control Centre providing 24/7/365 monitoring for assets across the planet from its offices in Glasgow. For further information about RES, visit www.res-group.com . Click here to download ENDS Notes to editors: About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, green hydrogen, energy storage and transmission and distribution. At the forefront of the industry for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,500 people and is active in 14 countries. For further information about RES, visit www.res-group.com CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Sam Mayes RES Press Office +44 7747 017 255 [email protected] Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents