RES AND SCR PARTNER WITH ALINGSÅS ENERGI TO BUILD NEW BATTERY STORAGE IN SWEDEN - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources Press Events Blog Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources Press Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Turkey UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / RES AND SCR PARTNER WITH ALINGSÅS ENERGI TO BUILD NEW BATTERY STORAGE IN SWEDEN RES AND SCR PARTNER WITH ALINGSÅS ENERGI TO BUILD NEW BATTERY STORAGE IN SWEDEN by RES | May 15, 2023 | Reading time: 6 min News Development Energy Storage Second joint project for RES and SCR after successful development of Landskrona BESS project First project for Alingsås Energi, strengthening the grid in the local area Project is expected to be 17 MW / 17 MWh with Commercial Operation Date in 2024 Global renewable energy company, RES and large-scale battery storage developer, SCR have partnered up to deliver Alingsås municipality’s first large scale battery project. The 17 MW/MWh battery storage marks the second collaborative project between RES and SCR following the successful development of the Elektra storage project in Landskrona. Magnus Mattsson, Commercial Manager at RES – Nordics commented: “The need for energy storage is heavily increasing in Sweden and projects such as this one in Alingsås and Elektra in Landskrona are game changers for smarter energy systems. RES has worldwide experience in battery storage projects and has delivered over 600 MW to support a range of grid functions. We look forward to bringing our experience into working with SCR again and enabling more renewable energy on the grid”. Fredrik Bodecker, Managing Director, SCR: “Another landmark for SCR, taking a second project into development together with our partners. The continued transition towards a more sustainable energy future will require more storage capacity to strengthen the grid and reduce emissions from other, more fossil-intensive backup solutions.” The project will be located in Alingsås on grounds owned by Alingsås Energi and in close proximity to one of the substations of Alingsås Energi. With significant growth of electricity demand from businesses and residences in Alingsås the battery can support the challenge of managing electricity supply and demand. Rickard Bern, CEO of Alingsås Energi, commented: “We are extremely happy to be able to attract this type of investment to Alingsås . We see ourselves as enablers in creating the conditions for the green transition that is underway. A battery storage of this size becomes an important resource in the local grid. It contributes to secure the stability for the residents of Alingsås municipality in terms of energy supply and that is one of our main missions.” Thomas Pettersson, Chairman of the Board Alingsås Energi : “As the Chairman of the Board of Alingsås Energi, I am very pleased and happy today that we have successfully closed the deal for an energy storage facility in Alingsås. According to Svenska Kraftnät, local energy storage facilities will also create benefits for the national electricity system, and it feels very good that we can contribute to increased sustainability for the entire society.” The battery project is currently under development and is expected to reach final status and be connected to Alingsås grid mid-2024. ENDS RES OCH SCR SAMARBETAR MED ALINGSÅS ENERGI FÖR NYTT BATTERILAGER RES och SCR i nytt samarbete efter den framgångsrika utvecklingen av batterilagringsprojekt i Landskrona Första projektet för Alingsås Energi vilket ger ytterligare förstärkning av det lokala nätet Projektet är på 17 MW och beräknas stå klart till sommaren 2024. RES, ett ledande bolag inom utveckling av förnybar energi och energilagring, och SCR, ett svenskt bolag specialiserat på utveckling av storskalig energilagring med batterier, har ingått ett samarbete tillsammans med Alingsås Energi för att utveckla ett storskaligt batteri i Alingsås Kommun. Batteriparken beräknas få en storlek på 17 MW / 17MWh och kommer kopplas upp till det lokala nätet i Alingsås. Projektet är det andra samarbetet mellan RES och SCR efter deras framgångsrika projekt i Landskrona vilket såldes i mars 2023. Magnus Mattsson, Commercial Manager at RES – Norden: “Behovet av energilagring ökar kraftigt i Sverige och projekt som det här i Alingsås och Elektra i Landskrona är avgörande för att skapa smartare energisystem. RES har en global erfarenhet i storskaliga batteriprojekt och har levererat över 600MW på global basis vilka bidrar med en rad olika nätfunktioner. Vi ser fram emot att ta med vår erfarenhet in i ännu ett samarbete med SCR och möjliggöra mer förnybart på nätet.” Fredrik Bodecker, VD, SCR: “Ytterligare en milstolpe för SCR med utveckling av vårt andra projekt tillsammans med våra samarbetspartners. En fortsatt utveckling mot ett hållbart energisystem kommer kräva mer kapacitet för att stärka nätet samt reducera utsläpp från andra fossilbaserade reservsystem.” Projektet kommer etableras i Alingsås på mark som tillhör Alingsås Energi och kommer att kopplas upp på det lokala nätet vid en av Alingsås Energis transformatorstationer. Med ytterligare tillväxt i kommunen från företag och hushåll så kan batteriet medverka till en stärkt lokal kraftbalans. Rickard Bern, VD Alingsås Energi: ”Vi är oerhört glada över att kunna locka den här typen av satsningar till Alingsås. Vi ser oss som möjliggörare i att skapa förutsättningar för den gröna omställning som pågår. Ett batterilager i den här storleken blir en viktig resurs i det lokala nätet. Det bidrar till att skapar trygghet och stabilitet för invånarna i Alingsås kommun vad gäller energiförsörjningen, vilket är ett av våra viktigaste uppdrag” Thomas Pettersson, Styrelseordförande Alingsås Energi : “Som styrelseordförande i Alingsås Energi är jag idag mycket nöjd och glad över att vi har fått affären med ett energilager i Alingsås i hamn. Enligt Svenska Kraftnät kommer även lokala energilager skapa nyttor för det nationella elsystemet, och det känns väldigt bra att vi även kan bidra till en ökad hållbarhet för hela samhället.” Batteriprojektet är för närvarande under utveckling och beräknas stå klart till sommaren 2024. About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, transmission and distribution and green hydrogen. At the forefront of the industry for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,500 people and is active in 14 countries. For further information about RES, visit www.res-group.com About Alingsås Energi The municipality owned group, Alingsås Energi delivers and develops products and services in electricity (grid, trade, and production), district heating, solar system and data communication with high quality, competitive prices and low environmental impact. The customers are households, organizations, and companies mainly within Alingsås. Alingsås Energi is a reliable supplier with a clear focus on meeting the customers overall need of energy-efficient, stable, and climate-smart solutions. Alingsås Energi wants to be enablers in the development of the sustainable society, work long-term and focusing on reducing the resource consumption in society. For further information about Alingsås Energi, visit www.alingsasenergi.se . About SCR SCR was founded in 2021 by Carl Hagert, Fredrik Bodecker and Thomas Wiklund with the ambition to be the Nordic Market leader in developing Large Scale Battery Storage Systems. SCR founders have extensive experience from the European and Nordic energy and finance markets within trading, risk management and business management. SCR’s vision is to establish in excess of 250 MW of battery capacity in Sweden within before 2025 to support the transition to a fossil free future supported by battery technology. For more information, visit www.scandinaviancapacityreserve.com CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Magnus Mattsson, Commercial Manager – Nordic, RES, [email protected] Carl Hagert, Founder, SCR, +46735076199 Rickard Bern, CEO Alingsås Energi, [email protected] Om RES RES är världens största oberoende aktör inom förnybar energi aktiva inom land- och havsbaserad vindkraft, solenergi, energilagring, grön vätgas samt transmission och distribution. I nästan 40 år har RES befunnit sig i branschens framkant och levererat mer än 23 GW förnybara energiprojekt globalt och stödjer en operativ tillgångsportfölj på över 12GW för en stor kundbas världen över. Med förståelse för de unika behoven hos företagskunder har RES säkrat över 1,5 GW i energiköpsavtal (PPA) som möjliggör tillgång till energi till lägsta kostnad. RES sysselsätter mer än 2 500 personer och är verksamma i 14 länder. I Norden har RES kontor i Göteborg, Ånge, Lund, Stockholm, Östersund och Oslo. För mer information, besök www.res-group.com . Om Alingsås Energi Kommunägda Alingsås Energi är en koncern som levererar och utvecklar produkter och tjänster inom el (nät, handel och produktion), fjärrvärme, solceller och datakommunikation med hög kvalitet, till skäliga priser och låg miljöpåverkan. Kunderna utgörs av hushåll, organisationer och företag huvudsakligen inom Alingsås. Alingsås Energi har ett tydligt fokus på helheten för kunden och på energieffektiva, stabila och klimatsmarta lösningar, och vill vara delaktiga i utvecklingen av det hållbara samhället. Alingsås Energi arbetar långsiktigt och målmedvetet för att minska resursförbrukningen i samhället. För ytterligare information besök www.alingsasenergi.se. Om SCR SCR grundades våren 2021 av Carl Hagert, Fredrik Bodecker och Thomas Wiklund med målsättningen att bli Nordens ledande aktör inom utveckling av storskaliga batterilösningar. Grundarna har en lång erfarenhet från energi och finansmarknaderna i Europa och Norden med handel, riskhantering och strukturerade affärer inom energi. SCRs vision är att etablera mer än 250 MW av storskaliga energilagringsprojekt i form av batterier i Sverige senast 2025 och därigenom medverka till till en fossilfri framtid som stödjs av batteriteknologi. För mer information, besök www.scandinaviancapacityreserve.com Kontakt för ytterligare information: Magnus Mattsson, Commercial Manager – Nordic, RES, [email protected] Carl Hagert, Grundare, SCR, +46735076199 Rickard Bern, VD Alingsås Energi, [email protected] Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Modern Slavery Anthem – transparency in coverage