Digital solutions - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home Digital solutions Digital solutions Delivering purposeful and practical solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of wind, solar, energy storage and green hydrogen technology Contact the team Digital Products & Solutions Whether it is enhancing safety, performance, minimising downtime, improving operational efficiency or enhancing data visibility to drive better decision making, our leading edge solutions will help you transform your renewable energy assets and unlock their full potential. Benefits Discover the benefits our range of digital products and solutions can provide to your renewable energy projects - for individual assets or portfolio wide. Enhanced decision making Reduce operational costs Minimise downtime Mitigate stoppage Optimise performance Enhance safety Discover some of our products and solutions Anemo Live - Wind Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools for onshore and offshore wind and solar plants. Optimising energy production, lowering operational costs and managing grid compliancy. Learn more AeroUp - Wind Improve the aerodynamics of your blades and increase the annual energy production on your turbine with AeroUp. RES will end to end package and deliver the most beneficial upgrades based on your ambitions and specific wind farm. We then deliver our bespoke digital TuneUp to further enhance energy uplift and ensure the entire potential of aerodynamic upgrades is achieved. Learn more Dynamic Yaw - Wind Increase the yield of your wind farm by optimising the real time yaw on your turbines as a fleet rather than each turbine for itself. Turbines increase yield through advanced algorithms which leverage data from across the wind farm to better measure the real time wind direction at each turbine. Turbines work as a collective to steer upstream wakes around downstream turbines and net yield increases. Inverter Optimisation - Solar Maximise production of your solar inverters while mitigating overheating issues with our real time control system. UNO - All Technologies Uno is our own bespoke, integrated solution that enables us to manage your renewable assets in the most effective way possible. Whether it is O&M data, asset monitoring, PPA/Offtaker information, health and safety, compliance data, integrated reporting, finance or optimisation information - our UNO platform gives us a holistic view of your asset’s performance. With the ability to integrate seamlessly with other systems, UNO gives us a single space to collate and standardise your data. and enable single source reporting. Enabling better, quicker and more accurate decision making to make the most of your assets’ performance. Latest digital resources Learn more about our projects. See all resources Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Wind turbine data independence promises a future rich with possibilities Although turbines have produced a high frequency of data for the best part of two decades, it has remained largely untapped by asset owners for optimising their assets’ performance Read more Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Five ways automation will change the wind industry: from turning autonomous turbines into high performing teams to sending in the bladebots We look at five striking ways that automation is creating positive change in the performance of offshore and onshore wind. Read more News Digital People Uncategorized @au RES Strengthens Digital Products and Solutions offering to customers Arun Narayanan appointed as RES’ new Chief Digital Officer to lead digital transformation. Up to 5% energy yield increases for wind projects with new AeroUp product RES has strengthened its digital products and solutions offering with the appointment of new hire Arun Narayanan to the role of Chief Digital Officer… Read more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery