RES and Siemens Gamesa expand partnership in Canada - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / RES and Siemens Gamesa expand partnership in Canada RES and Siemens Gamesa expand partnership in Canada by RES | Nov 18, 2021 | Reading time: 2 min News Construction Siemens Gamesa will provide wind turbines for the RES’ 100-MW Hilda wind power project in Alberta This order includes 20 SG 5.0-145 turbines operating with a flexible rating up to 5.2 MW, providing clean energy for the equivalent of nearly 50,000 Alberta homes Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has signed its first project with Renewable Energy Systems (RES) in Canada to supply the 100-MW Hilda wind project in Alberta. The deal strengthens the company’s global partnership with RES in North America while taking a step forward to help Alberta, and Canada as a whole, meet their 30% goal of renewable energy generation by 2030. Siemens Gamesa will supply 20 SG 5.0-145 turbines, providing clean affordable power for around 50,000 homes. “In partnership with RES and through the Hilda wind power project, we are two global corporations truly working to generate positive impact within our local communities and this project is proof of that,” said Shannon Sturgil, CEO, Onshore North America, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy. “RES continues to be a key partner in providing clean energy solutions, as well as a strong global citizen in the communities we serve, and we are proud to expand our partnership with them into Canada.” The 71-meter blade on the SG 4.X platform integrates aerodynamics and noise reduction features—including Siemens Gamesa DinoTails® Next Generation technology—to guarantee a high production of energy and reduced noise emission levels. This reduction in noise will improve the performance at the Hilda wind power project while remaining within the mandated noise emission levels. Siemens Gamesa currently has orders for more than 1.2 GW of power in western Canada with the SG 4.X platform for installation through 2023. “We are pleased to announce Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy as the turbine supplier for our 100-MW Hilda wind project in Alberta”, said Peter Clibbon, RES Senior VP of Development. “Siemens Gamesa is a global leader in wind technology, and we look forward to delivering clean, renewable energy and helping Alberta meet it’s 30% renewable energy goal by 2030.” With wind turbine installations of almost 3,000 MW installed across Canada from Alberta to Quebec, and with signed contracts that will increase to more than 4,000 MW by the end of 2023, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy is a market leader by cumulative installed capacity. Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents