Home - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources Press Events Blog Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources Press Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Turkey UK USA Canada Australia Home Power for good The power behind a clean energy future Dedicated to delivering purposeful, practical solutions that transform how energy is generated, stored and used. Work with us Our vision Our vision is a future where everyone has access to affordable zero carbon energy. 23 GW project portfolio 41 years' experience in clean energy 12 GW operational assets supported What we do Our passionate and experienced people transform the way energy is generated, stored, shared and used across the world. Development Building meaningful relationships with local stakeholders to develop successful projects. Learn more Construction Using cutting-edge technology and people expertise to deliver high quality construction projects. Learn more Support services Our expert team fully optimise and maintain your assets, maximising value and protecting revenue. Learn more Digital solutions Using AI and machine learning to find new ways to drive positive outcomes. Learn more Technologies Underpinned by innovation and a drive to make the world a better place. Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen See all technologies Wind Delivering both onshore and offshore wind projects, carefully balancing safety, cost, risk, and Learn more Solar Using our wealth of industry experience to develop, build and operate high performing utility scale solar farms. Learn more Transmission & distribution Building and maintaining the electrical infrastructure needed for energy resilience and new power projects. Learn more Energy storage Powering flexible ways to facilitate clean energy using our innovative energy storage solutions. Learn more Green hydrogen Helping decarbonise industry by delivering green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean energy. Learn more 1 of 5 Delivering both onshore and offshore wind projects, carefully balancing safety, cost, risk, and Learn more Using our wealth of industry experience to develop, build and operate high performing utility scale solar farms. Learn more Building and maintaining the electrical infrastructure needed for energy resilience and new power projects. Learn more Powering flexible ways to facilitate clean energy using our innovative energy storage solutions. Learn more Helping decarbonise industry by delivering green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean energy. Learn more Latest resources Browse our latest updates. See all resources Case Studies Asset Management O&M Solar Revamping and key component upgrade of four ground-mounted solar projects Following a competitive tender, RES’ Solar Projects team, who oversee specialist O&M projects, were successful in securing a contract with TRIG for the revamping and key component replacement on four operational solar parks across England. Read more Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Wind turbine data independence promises a future rich with possibilities Although turbines have produced a high frequency of data for the best part of two decades, it has remained largely untapped by asset owners for optimising their assets’ performance Read more Blog Digital Offshore Wind Onshore wind Wind Five ways automation will change the wind industry: from turning autonomous turbines into high performing teams to sending in the bladebots We look at five striking ways that automation is creating positive change in the performance of offshore and onshore wind. Read more WE’RE PROUD TO WORK WITH Sustainability Sustainability Defines how we develop our projects, and how we construct, manage, and optimise our customer assets. We believe value creation and enhanced business performance can follow from meeting the world’s critical social and environmental needs. Learn more Careers Be part of something bigger. Join an inclusive organisation with a shared purpose to transform clean energy. Experienced careers See how your talent and skills could impact the future of clean energy at RES. Learn more Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy. Learn more Early careers It’s an exciting time to start your career. See what opportunities we have for graduates, apprentices and interns. Learn more People Stories Read more People Stories People Ethan Palay #TeamRenewables As RES continues to expand through global projects and maintain leadership in the renewables industry, we have teams dedicated to ensuring operational excellence. In this #TeamRenewables, we sat down with Technical Manager, Ethan Palay, to learn more about his role on the Support Services Team. The Role Over the last four… Read more People Stories People Leana Birdsell #TeamRenewables Behind the success of our solar, wind, T&D, and storage endeavors stand passionate and dedicated employees. At RES, our people find strength in our differences and build successful teams and projects because of them. In this #TeamRenewables, we sat down with Talent Acquisition Manager, Leana Birdsell to learn more about… Read more People Stories People Ashley Young #TeamRenewables Within RES, we have a large team of specialists ranging from tax and management accountants to administrators, currently servicing more than 150 projects for clients across the full lifecycle of wind, solar and energy storage projects. In this latest edition of Team Renewables, we speak to Ashley Young, Assistant Finance… Read more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Modern Slavery Anthem – transparency in coverage