RES TO ACQUIRE INGETEAM’S RENEWABLE SERVICE DIVISION - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / RES TO ACQUIRE INGETEAM’S RENEWABLE SERVICE DIVISION RES TO ACQUIRE INGETEAM’S RENEWABLE SERVICE DIVISION by RES | Aug 01, 2023 | Reading time: 8 min News Corporate London, 1 August 2023 – RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, today announces it will acquire Ingeteam’s Renewable Service division. This announcement follows the signing of a Sale and Purchase Agreement (SPA) between both parties. Upon completion, RES will have £30bn (€35bn) of assets under management, making it the largest renewable energy support services provider in the world. The company will employ 4,000 people, and operate across 23 countries, while retaining its UK headquarters. RES will unlock significant synergies following the completion of the acquisition and will have c.35 GW of O&M services and Asset Management contracts around the world, serving the traditional utilities segment and Independent Power Producers as well as infrastructure investors. Overall, the traditional utilities and infrastructure market is expected to expand significantly, with predicted growth of 9% in the next 5 years. 1 RES will provide support services across solar, wind, BESS, biomass, green hydrogen, and hydropower, delivering mission-critical solutions for clients across a wide range of sectors, segments, and geographies. RES’ industry leading position will accelerate the deployment of renewable projects by reducing cost for customers and supporting national and corporate Net Zero ambitions globally. It is anticipated that RES will deliver on speed and depth of service, leveraging economies of scale and improving inventory management for its customers. Following the acquisition, RES will integrate Ingeteam’s proprietary digital solutions into its existing technology services. This will allow RES to enhance its cutting-edge digital offer and build on its AI and machine learning capabilities to help maximise the potential of customers’ renewable assets. This acquisition offers exceptional growth opportunities for new and existing RES employees. The expanded client base includes world-leading customers, embarking on transformational renewable projects. RES’ people will be at the forefront of the global energy transition, developing technological solutions that will continue to drive innovation across the renewable energy sector. Ingeteam’s disposal of its Renewable Service division aligns with its broader strategy to prioritise development of power conversion technology. This is an important milestone for the company, which will enable it to consolidate its aim to be a key player in the electrification of society and to commit to the sustainable growth of the organisation. Among other things, Ingeteam will boost spending on R&D and explore opportunities for organic growth. As a result, Ingeteam will offer a more specialised set of solutions to its customers and support the wider electrification of society. RES’ CEO, Eduardo Medina, said: “We have reached a critical moment for the energy transition. We need innovative solutions to accelerate the pace and scale of renewables build out and servicing. RES will play a key role in driving meaningful progress towards global Net Zero targets by unlocking significant synergies, while building on RES’ existing track-record and expertise across the whole spectrum of renewable technologies. Ingeteam’s services naturally complement RES’ operations and will allow RES to bring meaningful benefits to corporates and governments, and society as a whole.” Ingeteam’s CEO, Adolfo Rebollo, said: “Our decision to divest our O&M Renewable Service division enables Ingeteam to further focus and invest on our core business area of developing Power Conversion Technology, in line with our corporate strategy. The solid proposal we received from RES aligned with our vision for the business and values. We will continue supporting our clients towards the electrification of a sustainable future using our technology, including power electronics, control electronics and rotating machines.” The market for support services is expanding rapidly as renewable energy companies scale up operations in support of customers’ Net Zero ambitions. With this acquisition, RES is well positioned to capitalise on this growth. The total addressable market for support services is set to reach ~2400 GW by 2030, 51% of which will be from solar power. 2 According to IRENA, the energy system decarbonisation will cost an estimated USD $1,930 billion in total – including investment in operation and maintenance – in the most ambitious scenario. 3 RES’s scale and specialised services will offer customers and governments best-in-class expertise on a global scale, helping to accelerate the transition to renewable energy while lowering the cost of infrastructure deployment and maintenance. The completion of the acquisition remains subject to applicable regulatory approvals being obtained in relevant jurisdictions. ENDS 1 IEA – Renewables Data Explorer 2022 2 McKinsey Global Energy Perspectives 2022 3 IRENA – World Energy Transitions Outlook 2023: 1.5°C Pathway RES ADQUIERE LA DIVISIÓN DE SERVICE DE INGETEAM Zamudio, 1 de agosto de 2023. RES, la mayor empresa independiente de energías renovables del mundo, ha anunciado hoy la adquisición de la división de Service de Ingeteam, la cual mantendrá sus instalaciones en Albacete. Este anuncio se produce tras la firma de un Acuerdo de Compraventa entre ambas partes. Una vez completado, RES tendrá 30.000 millones de libras (35.000 millones de euros) de activos bajo gestión, convirtiéndose en el mayor proveedor de servicios de operación, mantenimiento y soporte a las energías renovables del mundo. Tras la adquisición, RES obtendrá importantes sinergias y contará con unos 35 GW de servicios de operación y mantenimiento (O&M) y contratos de gestión de activos en todo el mundo, prestando servicio al segmento tradicional de servicios energéticos y a productores independientes de energía, así como a inversores en infraestructuras. En general, se espera que el mercado tradicional de servicios energéticos e infraestructuras se expanda significativamente, con un crecimiento previsto del 9% en los próximos 5 años. 1 RES prestará servicios en los ámbitos de la energía solar, eólica, almacenamiento de energía, biomasa, hidrógeno verde e hidroeléctrica, ofreciendo soluciones a clientes de una amplia gama de sectores, segmentos y zonas geográficas. La posición de liderazgo de RES en el sector acelerará el despliegue de proyectos de energías renovables, reduciendo los costes para los clientes y apoyando las ambiciones nacionales y corporativas de Emisiones Cero en todo el mundo. Se prevé que RES ofrezca un servicio rápido y completo, aprovechando las economías de escala y mejorando la gestión del inventario para sus clientes. Tras la adquisición, RES integrará las soluciones digitales patentadas de Ingeteam en sus actuales servicios tecnológicos. Esto permitirá a RES mejorar su oferta digital de vanguardia y aprovechar sus capacidades de IA y aprendizaje automático para ayudar a maximizar el potencial de los activos renovables de los clientes. Esta adquisición ofrece nuevas oportunidades de crecimiento tanto para la nueva plantilla de RES como para la existente. La cartera de clientes resultante de la operación incluye compañías referentes a nivel internacional en el sector de las renovables. RES aspira a liderar la transición energética mundial, desarrollando soluciones tecnológicas que seguirán impulsando la innovación en el sector. Ingeteam seguirá impulsando el desarrollo de tecnología para la conversión de energía, afianzándose como un actor clave en la electrificación de la sociedad y apostando por el crecimiento sostenible de la organización. Entre otras cosas, impulsará el gasto en I+D y explorará oportunidades de crecimiento orgánico. Como resultado, Ingeteam ofrecerá a sus clientes soluciones más especializadas y seguirá contribuyendo a su propósito de electrificar un futuro más sostenible. Eduardo Medina, consejero delegado de RES, ha declarado: “Hemos llegado a un momento crítico para la transición energética. Necesitamos soluciones innovadoras para acelerar el ritmo y la escala de la construcción y el mantenimiento de las energías renovables. RES desempeñará un papel clave en el impulso de un progreso significativo hacia los objetivos globales de Emisiones Cero mediante el desbloqueo de importantes sinergias, al tiempo que aprovecha la trayectoria y experiencia de RES en todo el espectro de las tecnologías renovables. La división de Service de Ingeteam complementa de forma natural las operaciones de RES y le permitirá aportar beneficios significativos a empresas y gobiernos y a la sociedad en su conjunto.” Adolfo Rebollo, consejero delegado de Ingeteam, ha declarado: “ La decisión de desinvertir en nuestra división de Service permite a Ingeteam seguir impulsando el desarrollo de sistemas de conversión de energía, en línea con nuestra estrategia corporativa. La sólida propuesta que recibimos de RES se alineaba con nuestra visión del negocio y nuestros valores. Continuaremos apoyando a nuestros clientes hacia la electrificación de un futuro sostenible a través de nuestra tecnología en electrónica de potencia, electrónica de control y máquinas rotativas.” El mercado de servicios de operación y mantenimiento se está expandiendo rápidamente a medida que las empresas de energías renovables amplían sus operaciones en línea con las ambiciones de Emisiones Cero de sus clientes. Con esta adquisición, RES, con sede en Reino Unido, dará empleo a 4.000 personas y operará en 23 países, posicionándose adecuadamente para capitalizar este crecimiento. El mercado total de servicios de operación y mantenimiento alcanzará los 2 .400 GW en 2030, el 51% de los cuales procederá de la energía solar. 2 Según IRENA, la descarbonización del sistema energético tendrá un coste total estimado de 1.930 billones de dólares -incluyendo la inversión en operación y mantenimiento- en el escenario más ambicioso. 3 La escala y los servicios especializados de RES ofrecerán a clientes y gobiernos la mejor experiencia a escala mundial, contribuyendo a acelerar la transición a las energías renovables y reduciendo al mismo tiempo el coste de despliegue y mantenimiento de las infraestructuras. El cierre de la adquisición está sujeta a la obtención de las aprobaciones reglamentarias aplicables en las jurisdicciones pertinentes. FIN 1 AIE – Explorador de datos sobre energías renovables 2022 2 Perspectivas mundiales de la energía 2022 de McKinsey 3 IRENA – Perspectivas de la transición energética mundial 2023: la senda de 1,5°C MEDIA CONTACT: FTI Consulting [email protected] 020 3727 1002 VK Comunicación (Ingeteam) Virginia Knörr Barandiaran [email protected] 629 156 031 About RES : RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company and is active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, green hydrogen, transmission and distribution. As an industry innovator for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW (excluding the contribution from the acquisition of Ingeteam’s Renewable Service division) worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,500 passionate people and is active in 14 countries (excluding the contribution from the acquisition of Ingeteam’s Renewable Service division). Visit www.res-group.com About Ingeteam: Ingeteam is a team of around 5,000 people (including the Renewables Service division) in 21 countries, with more than 80 years of experience in providing creative solutions to specific problems to electrify society in an innovative and sustainable way through cutting-edge technology specialised in the conversion of electrical energy. Ingeteam wants to consolidate its position as a leader in renewable generation (wind, photovoltaic and hydroelectric), storage, in the intelligent transport network and in the efficient and clean consumption of electrical energy through their electric vehicle chargers, converters, generators and motors for traction, marine, iron and steel, mining, for the production of green hydrogen and submersible motors and pumps for water. www.ingeteam.com CONTACTO CON LOS MEDIOS DE COMUNICACIÓN: Para más información de RES: FTI Consulting Juan Rivera [email protected] 639 77 61 99 Para más información de Ingeteam: VK Comunicación Virginia Knörr Barandiaran [email protected] 629 156 031 Acerca de RES : RES es la mayor empresa independiente de energías renovables del mundo y opera en los sectores eólico terrestre y marino, solar, almacenamiento de energía, hidrógeno verde, transmisión y distribución. Como empresa innovadora del sector durante más de 40 años, RES ha realizado más de 23 GW de proyectos de energías renovables en todo el mundo y mantiene una cartera de activos operativos que supera los 12 GW (excluyendo la contribución de la adquisición de la división de Servicios Renovables de Ingeteam) en todo el mundo para una amplia base de clientes. Entendiendo las necesidades únicas de los clientes corporativos, RES ha asegurado más de 1,5 GW de acuerdos de compra de energía (PPA) corporativos que permiten el acceso a la energía al menor coste. RES cuenta con más de 2.500 apasionados empleados y opera en 14 países (excluida la contribución de la adquisición de la división de Service de Ingeteam). Visite www.res-group.com Acerca de Ingeteam: Ingeteam está compuesta por un equipo de alrededor de 5.000 personas (incluida la plantilla de Service) en 21 países, con más de 80 años de experiencia aportando soluciones creativas a problemas concretos para electrificar la sociedad de forma innovadora y sostenible a través de tecnología punta especializada en la conversión de energía eléctrica. Ingeteam quiere consolidarse como líder en generación renovable (eólica, fotovoltaica e hidroeléctrica), almacenamiento, en la red de transporte inteligente y en el consumo eficiente y limpio de energía eléctrica a través de sus cargadores de vehículos eléctricos, convertidores, generadores y motores para tracción, marina, siderurgia, minería, para la producción de hidrógeno verde y motores y bombas sumergibles para agua. Visite www.ingeteam.com Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents