Offshore wind strategic alliance launched to offer complete O&M service package - RES en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / Offshore wind strategic alliance launched to offer complete O&M service package Offshore wind strategic alliance launched to offer complete O&M service package by RES | Oct 30, 2023 | Reading time: 4 min News O&M Offshore Wind Wind The Offshore Wind O&M Partnership will be a trusted partner for asset owners offering highly coordinated offshore O&M services under one contract. RES, GEV Wind Power, Outreach Offshore and Rix Renewables, have launched the Offshore Wind O&M Partnership (OWOP) – a collective of complementary service companies based in the UK – to supply a complete package of quality, long-term O&M services to offshore wind asset owners. By creating a ‘one stop shop’ for all core O&M services, the Partnership combines nearly 100 years of experience to offer a highly coordinated, agile approach that will minimise shutdowns and maximise asset performance. Through just one contract, asset owners will have access to all typical turbine, blade, substation, and balance of plant operations and maintenance services as well as workboats and advanced digital tools. The Partnership will significantly reduce the complexity and resource intensity associated with the traditional way of subcontracting for multiple O&M services, allowing asset owners to benefit from a much more strategic approach while also ensuring execution to the highest safety standards. Underpinned by technology, the Partnership will coordinate multiple schedules of work, achieving greater levels of efficiency across asset downtime and technician attendance, while freeing up management time to focus on the ever-growing pipeline of offshore wind projects. Simon Deacon, Operations and Maintenance Director for RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, said : “We’ve launched this partnership to ease the operational headache wind asset owners can face when organising O&M services. As the number of offshore wind assets continues to grow, the traditional way of contracting O&M services is becoming more complex and tiresome. At the same time, we are seeing a growing trend towards multi-service scopes, but few providers able to respond competitively. “This strategic alliance of complementary UK service companies offers a new approach to securing high-quality O&M services; through just one contract, owners will be able to secure all the core services required to operate and maintain their assets, while being assured that the work will be executed to an industry-leading standard.” Lee Blanchard, Director for Rix Renewables, a managed services provider for the wind industry, said: “We are very pleased to be deepening our alliance with RES who we have worked with for some time to provide a comprehensive service for offshore clients. The launch of the Offshore Wind O&M Partnership is an exciting opportunity for all involved, bringing a new model of working that will unlock a level efficiency that is very difficult to achieve when individual scopes are subcontracted to multiple suppliers.” David Fletcher, Group Chief Executive Officer for GEV Wind Power, a global market leader in wind turbine maintenance and wind turbine services said: “ We are committed to developing O&M efficiencies for our clients, to driving down turbine maintenance costs and downtime. The vision of the Partnership fully aligns with our own and as such we look forward to collaborating on some of the UK’s most notable offshore wind projects alongside our alliance partners.” Stuart Finlayson, General Manager for Outreach Offshore, a leading supplier of hydraulic handling, lifting and access equipment said: “We are delighted to be a founding member of OWOP to offer specialist lifting solutions. Through this collaboration, we will be able to provide a joined-up approach that will not only meet all quality and capability expectations but offer a new level of versatility and efficiency to both existing and future customers in this dynamic sector.” To find out more about The Offshore Wind O&M Partnership and how it can support your O&M requirements visit w ww.owop.com END Notes to editors: About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company and is active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, green hydrogen, transmission, and distribution. As an industry innovator for over 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 12GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,500 passionate people and is active in 14 countries. Visit www.res-group.com About GEV Wind Power GEV Wind Power, headquartered in the UK, is a market leader in the provision of wind turbine rotor blade maintenance for the wind energy sector. Executing over 200 wind projects annually across four continents, GEV Wind Power deliver onshore and offshore scopes from its global operational bases in the UK, USA, Europe and shortly, Australia. Visit www.gevwindpower.com About Outreach Offshore Outreach Offshore has over 40 years’ experience supplying, maintaining, and repairing cranes across multiple offshore wind projects. The company, which is also the UK’s Palfinger dealer for crane supply and parts, also designs and builds specialist umbilical winches for the ROV market. Visit www.outreachoffshore.co.uk About Rix Renewables Rix Renewables provides managed services for the offshore and onshore Wind Farm industry, supplying skilled technicians, engineers, and crew transfer vessels. With a rich 140-year history in shipping, Rix have maintained their own fleet of crew transfer vessels with bases in Grimsby, England and Montrose, Scotland, and has deep expertise in chartering larger vessels where required for specific offshore wind maintenance campaigns. Visit www.rixrenewables.co.uk CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Callum Whiteford RES Press Office +44 141 404 5560 [email protected] Share this article Related Services Support services Read more Related technologies Wind Read more Related Topics Operations and maintenance Read more Contact us Contact us Related resources Events Construction Development Energy Storage Green Hydrogen Offshore Wind Onshore wind Solar Wind Legal & Finance 2023 RES will be attending RUK’s Legal & Finance Conference on 23rd November 2023. The conference will bring together professionals in both sectors who advise and execute strategies and projects across the renewables sector, including those who procure their services both on contractual matters and the problems arising from them. Read more Events Development Energy Storage Green Hydrogen Offshore Wind UK-Türkiye Clean Technologies Partnership Event (Istanbul) Türkiye’s Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources have recently announced ambitious clean energy targets including 5GW electrolyser capacity, 5GW offshore wind, and 7.5GW battery capacity by 2035.This event, organised by The Department for Business and Trade (DBT), will focus on available opportunities in the Turkish clean energy market and opportunities… Read more Blog O&M Onshore wind Wind How can we prepare for main component failure? Main component failure is common in the wind industry. We explore how best to prepare in order to minimise failures and downtime. Read more What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents