RE + 2023 - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / Events / RE + 2023 RE + 2023 by RES | Jul 11, 2023 | Reading time: < 1 min Events Solar Developed by the nation’s leading solar energy organizations, the Smart Electric Power Alliance (SEPA) and the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA), RE+ reflects an ongoing entrepreneurial approach to renewing best practices across the clean energy landscape as the marketplace evolves. Event date: 11 – 14 September 2023 Location: Las Vegas, USA RES stand location : Event website: https://www.re-plus.com/ Share this article Related Services Third Party Construction (US) Read more Related technologies Solar Read more Wind Read more Transmission & distribution Read more Contact us Contact us Related resources Case Studies Asset Management O&M Solar Revamping and key component upgrade of four ground-mounted solar projects Following a competitive tender, RES’ Solar Projects team, who oversee specialist O&M projects, were successful in securing a contract with The Renewables Infrastructure Group (TRIG) for the revamping and key component replacement on four operational solar parks across England. The projects, totalling 61.5MW, comprised of Parley Court (24.20MW) in Bournemouth,… Read more News Development Solar Freiflächen-Photovoltaikanlage Kornberg: Bürgerinformation am 25. Juli Bei der ehemaligen Deponie soll zukünftig Erneuerbare Energie erzeugt werden In Oberrot im Ortsteil Kornberg soll künftig ein Solarpark entstehen. Der Projektierer RES plant zu diesem Zweck am 25. Juli eine Bürgerinformation. Ziel der Veranstaltung ist es, das Projekt der Öffentlichkeit vorzustellen, Fragen der Anwohnerinnen und Anwohner zu beantworten und… Read more News Development Solar Kommunaler Klimaschutz: Startschuss für 45 Hektar großen Solarpark im Vogtland Gemeinderat Limbach fasst Aufstellungsbeschluss Energiewende im Vogtland: RES hat für den geplanten Solarpark Limbach südwestlich von Zwickau den nächsten Meilenstein erreicht. Der zuständige Gemeinderat hat die Aufstellung eines Bebauungsplans für die Photovoltaik-Freiflächenanlage des Erneuerbare-Energien-Unternehmens beschlossen. Der Bebauungsplan schafft die planungsrechtliche Voraussetzung dafür, dass RES den Solarpark errichten kann. Der Photovoltaik-Park… Read more What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery