Civil Engineer us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Careers / Current opportunities / Civil Engineer Current opportunities Civil Engineer Apply now Do you want to work to make Power for Good? We're the world's largest independent renewable energy company. We're guided by a simple yet powerful vision: to create a future where everyone has access to affordable, zero carbon energy. We know that achieving our ambitions would be impossible without our people. Because we're tackling some of the world's toughest problems, we need the very best people to help us. They're our most important asset so that's why we continually invest in them. RES is a family with a diverse workforce, and we are dedicated to the personal professional growth of our people, no matter what stage of their career they're at. We can promise you rewarding work which makes a real impact, the chance to learn from inspiring colleagues from across a growing, global network and opportunities to grow personally and professionally. Our competitive package offers rewards and benefits including pension schemes, flexible working, and top-down emphasis on better work-life balance. We also offer private healthcare, discounted green travel, 24 days holiday (with an additional discretionary day given by the company) with options to buy/sell days, enhanced family leave and four volunteering days per year so you can make an impact somewhere else. Job Purpose The Civil Engineer provides engineering support to all markets within the RES Group, with a focus on maximising potential, reducing cost and managing risk to the business. The primary activities performed by the Civil Engineer are to provide design management, civil engineering design and advice as required to meet the project requirements. This role focuses on engineering input into the development of wind, solar, battery energy storage and green hydrogen projects. We are considering Internships and Secondments at this time Organisational Context The Group Engineering team provides engineering support to all RES Regional Businesses across all phases of low carbon projects. In a changing global market RES needs to achieve cost parity with conventional generation, we have a role to ensure effective knowledge sharing across the RES Group and to reduce cost through innovative engineering solutions that achieve a balance between risk and cost. The department also has a key role in supporting RES to diversify into new markets and technologies. The role of the Civil Engineer focusses on the engineering required for project development. This includes management of the layout design process, identification and mitigation of project risks and delivery of discrete elements of design, along with interfacing with project stakeholders and consultants, and technical review of preliminary designs or ad-hoc technical/regulatory advice. This role also provides vital support to the operational projects in maintaining and upgrading assets under RES management. Additionally, the Civil Engineer supports project teams across all RES regions by providing advice, review and design services, and to promote consistent best practice in the area of civil engineering and design. Key Accountabilities The Civil Engineer has responsibility to: · Manage and deliver the engineering required to develop safe, buildable, and cost-efficient projects · Perform engineering assessments to identify and manage risk to projects through their life cycle · Manage consultants and contractors performing specialist works eg. survey, geotechnical, flood risk as part of project development · Interface with project stakeholders and provide advice on engineering aspects which affect safety, quality, cost and programme of project development · Lead on the development and implementation of innovative solutions to maximise the value and minimise the cost of projects · Promote and maintain consistency and high technical standards across the RES Group in their area(s) of civil engineering · Coordinate best practice across markets and business units in the RES Group Knowledge you will need · Engineering principles as they affect project development · Working knowledge of renewable energy projects (development, construction and/or operation) would be an advantage · Specialist knowledge in a relevant area of civil engineering eg. geotechnical, earthworks, drainage would be an advantage · UK CDM Regulations · Understanding of cross-functional project requirements and priorities Skills you will have · Commercial awareness relating to contract compliance, cost control and relative value of engineering solutions · Good time management skills to balance priorities across projects · Works collaboratively, within and across project functions · Presentation skills to technical and non-technical audiences · Attention to detail during preparation and review of engineering deliverables Experience you have · Practical application of engineering knowledge to civil engineering projects · Management of health and safety and risk mitigation in design · Development and implementation of new processes and technology Qualifications you hold · Honours degree in Civil Engineering or related subject · Eligible to progress towards CEng status through the Institution of Civil Engineers At RES we celebrate difference as we know it makes our company a great place to work. Encouraging applicants with different backgrounds, ideas and points of view, we create teams who work together to solve complex problems and design practical solutions for our clients. Our multiple perspectives come from many sources including the diverse ethnicity, culture, gender, nationality, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, marital status, parental status, education, social background and life experience of our people. #LI-TS1 Apply now Department Group - Engineering - 359 Location United Kingdom, Kings Langley United Kingdom, Glasgow Employment type Permanent Full Time Apply now Share this position View all opportunities What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents