Life at RES - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources Press Events Blog Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources Press Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Turkey UK USA Canada Australia Home Life at RES Life at RES Supporting our people to succeed With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. See current vacancies Life at RES RES people drive better outcomes for the planet. We’re proud to reward them with a supportive environment and extensive benefits that provide the foundations for a healthy work-life balance. Follow us See our talented people in action across our social channels. Benefits from RES From our diverse culture to our continual career growth opportunities, we’re committed to ensuring our people have the support they need to thrive. Our competitive benefits packages are tailored across different markets and roles, but no matter where you work for us, you'll enjoy the benefits below. Inclusive workplace Committed to promoting inclusion, equality and RESpect for people from all backgrounds. Flexible working Achieve work-life balance and wellbeing with opportunities for flexible working. Overseas opportunities Active in 14 countries, working at RES could take you all over the globe. Career development Take on more responsibility and explore new pathways across multiple departments. Wellbeing benefits Extensive workplace benefits spanning financial, physical, and mental wellbeing. Why RES We’re always on the lookout for new talent to strengthen our global community. If you join us, you’ll receive access to everything you need to make a difference to our customers and the world – day-in, day-out. Smart ambitious people Join a team of passionate individuals, devoted to energy transition Empowering and inclusive culture Access dedicated resource groups that celebrate every individual Extensive benefits Support your health with personal, mental, financial and physical benefits Meaningful work for the planet Play your part in getting the world closer to a sustainable future People Stories Read more People Stories People Aaron and Shay Devine – #TeamRenewables Many of our colleagues at RES say the team is like a family, but none more so than brothers Aaron and Shay Devine. To keep turbines turning, the two lived and worked together in Donegal, Ireland, during lockdown to keep our projects running successfully. In this month’s #TeamRenewables we speak… Read more People Stories People Andrew Sweenie – #Team Renewables With more turbines being commissioned than ever before, maintaining turbine quality is a critical element of sustaining the expansion of wind power. In this latest edition of Team Renewables, we speak to Andrew Sweenie, Quality Manager for Turbine Operations and Maintenance in the UK&I. After joining RES in… Read more People Stories People Caroline Gutridge – #TeamRenewables From the age of seven, Caroline Gutridge, Operations Manager Offshore Transmission (UK&I), was inspired to work in the renewables energy sector after a visit to the Centre of Alternative Technology in Wales. She followed her passion after being inspired to find out more and has since made a career out… Read more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Modern Slavery Anthem – transparency in coverage