LYCKSELE PORTFOLIO OF PROJECTS IN SWEDEN SOLD TO PRIME CAPITAL AG - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / LYCKSELE PORTFOLIO OF PROJECTS IN SWEDEN SOLD TO PRIME CAPITAL AG LYCKSELE PORTFOLIO OF PROJECTS IN SWEDEN SOLD TO PRIME CAPITAL AG by RES | Sep 27, 2022 | Reading time: 4 min News Development Onshore wind RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, has today announced it has reached agreement for the sale of its Lycksele portfolio of projects in Sweden. The Lycksele portfolio, made up of three wind energy projects totalling 290 MW, has been acquired by Prime Capital AG and is expected to enter commercial operation in 2025. Located in Västerbotten County, RES started development of Lycksele in 2007 and the portfolio is made up of 45 turbines across three projects: Fjällberg, Hornmyran and Vinliden. Together the projects will contribute nearly 1 TWh per year of new green energy to the region and the European market. Part of the green electricity is planned to be used for a green Power-to-X project in the region. The deal also sees RES support Prime Capital AG through a development services agreement to prepare the portfolio ready for construction in 2023 and once operational, RES will provide asset management services to the portfolio. RES is currently constructing Björnberget and Gubbaberget, both developed by RES and acquired by Prime Capital AG in 2020. In addition, RES provides asset management services to a further project in Prime Capital AG’s portfolio – Stavro. Matilda Afzelius, CEO – Nordics, RES commented: “We are delighted to partner with Prime Capital AG again as they expand their investment in the Nordics and look forward to supporting them to bring the Lycksele portfolio online. “We value working with a partner who shares our vision of the future of the Swedish energy market, and a focus on creating synergies between the renewable energy sector and industry to provide greater value to the economy.” Dr. Mathias Bimberg, Prime Capital AG commented: “Lycksele is already the third joint project with RES and a further acknowledgement of the good and trusted partnership between the parties. It’s an important part of our strategy to invest in both, the production of hydrogen/e-methane and the underlying green electricity production capacity, and is needed more than ever to assure sustainable energy security in Sweden and Europe” RES is investing heavily in the Swedish energy market and has a development portfolio of 1 GW. It is focused on creating opportunities across wind, solar, energy storage and green hydrogen by working closely with municipalities and partners to drive value into local economies in line with its vision to create a future with zero emissions. RES OCH PRIME CAPITAL AG SIGNAR AVTAL FÖR PROJEKTPORTFÖLJ I LYCKSELE RES, världens största aktör inom förnybar energi, annonserade idag att de säljer sin projektportfölj i Lycksele. Projekten utgörs av tre vindparker med en total kapacitet på 290 MW och har förvärvats av Prime Capital AG. Projekten förväntas gå i kommersiell drift 2025. RES påbörjade utvecklingen i Lycksele 2007 och portföljen består idag av 45 turbiner i tre olika projekt; Fjällberg, Hornmyran och Vinliden. Tillsammans kommer projekten att bidra med nästan 1 TWh per år av förnybar energi till såväl regionen som den europeiska marknaden. En del av den gröna el som produceras i Lycksele planeras användas till ett grönt Power-to-X-projekt i regionen. Samarbetet innefattar även att RES stödjer Prime Capital AG i form av ett utvecklingsavtal. Det avtalet innebär att RES utvecklar portföljen och förbereder den för konstruktion 2023. Och när den väl är i drift ska RES tillhandahålla förvaltningstjänster för portföljen. Just nu bygger RES Björnberget och Gubbaberget, som båda är utvecklade av RES och förvärvade av Prime Capital AG 2020. Dessutom förvaltar RES ytterligare ett projekt i Prime Capital AG:s portfölj – Stavro. Matilda Afzelius, vd för RES i Norden, kommenterade: “Vi är glada över att samarbeta med Prime Capital AG igen, nu när de utökar sin investering i Norden, och vi ser fram emot att stötta dem i arbetet med att ansluta Lyckseleportföljen till nätet.” “Vi värdesätter att arbeta med en partner som delar vår vision om den svenska energimarknadens framtid, och ett fokus på att skapa synergier mellan den förnybara energisektorn och industrin för att addera ett större värde till ekonomin.” Dr. Mathias Bimberg, Prime Capital AG kommenterade: “Lycksele är vårt tredje gemensamma projekt med RES och ytterligare ett bevis på det goda och pålitliga partnerskapet mellan oss. Det är en viktig del av vår strategi att investera i både vätgas- och e-metanproduktion och den underliggande produktionskapaciteten av grön el. Och det behövs mer än någonsin för att säkerställa en hållbar energisäkerhet i Sverige och Europa.” RES satsar stort på den svenska energimarknaden och har en utvecklingsportfölj på 1 GW. Satsningarna är fokuserade på att skapa nya möjligheter inom vind, sol, energilagring och grön vätgas genom att arbeta nära kommuner och partners för att möjliggöra ett större värde i de lokala ekonomierna. Arbetet är i linje med RES vision om att skapa en framtid med nollutsläpp. RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage, transmission and distribution and green hydrogen. At the forefront of the industry for 40 years, RES has delivered more than 23GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 9GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of corporate power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs over 2,000 people and is active in 11 countries. For further information about RES, visit www.res-group.com CONTACT FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Rachel Anderson RES Press Office +44 7795 680 803 [email protected] Om RES RES är världens största oberoende aktör inom förnybar energi aktiva inom land- och havsbaserad vindkraft, solenergi, energilagring samt transmission och distribution. I nästan 40 år har RES befunnit sig i branschens framkant och levererat mer än 23GW förnybara energiprojekt globalt och stödjer en operativ tillgångsportfölj på över 9GW för en stor kundbas världen över. Med förståelse för de unika behoven hos företagskunder har RES säkrat över 1,5GW i energiköpsavtal (PPA) som möjliggör tillgång till energi till lägsta kostnad. RES sysselsätter mer än 2 000 personer och är verksamma i 11 länder. I Skandinavien har RES kontor i Göteborg, Östersund och Oslo. För mer information, besök www.res-group.com . KONTAKTA FÖR YTTERLIGARE INFORMATION: Rebecca Hjerpe RES Presskontakt +46 76 564 84 46 [email protected] Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents