Construction - RES us au tr sv de en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home Construction What we do Construction Helping Rattlesnake Wind Farm generate clean power for 78,000 households in Alberta, Canada. Read more about the project A range of services to suit your needs We build clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners across a range of global markets. Using cutting-edge technology and our expertise, we work with you to achieve high-quality construction projects. We offer a range of construction services for all our technologies and grid infrastructure across transmission and distribution. Whether you’re looking for an EPC, a Balance of Plant partner or construction management services – we’re able to support your needs. Why RES? Taking the time and care to listen to your needs, we bring clean energy construction projects and grid infrastructure to life. Our deep-rooted construction heritage gives us a wealth of experience working with customers and stakeholders to drive successful outcomes for all. Health and safety We prioritise health and safety to deliver best-in-class performance, everyone going home safe everyday governs our approach. Reliable delivery Extensive engineering and construction experience across multiple markets and technologies gives us a strong track record of reliably delivering projects. Quality Our strong reputation of quality is thanks to our people’s expertise and innovative solutions - ensuring return on investment for customers. Global reach Our global experience in multiple markets means we’re well versed in building a range of projects. Comprehensive services Alongside construction services, we offer development, asset management, and operations and maintenance. What we offer Third Party Construction (US) Providing you with the right team is critical for safe, timely delivery of projects. We can help you navigate permitting, optimise design, self-perform construction and interconnection, and manage commissioning – all to your schedule and budget. Learn more Construction Management Services With our expert people and innovative solutions, we’re uniquely positioned support you and manage any aspect of a construction project. Learn more Latest resources Learn more about our projects See all resources News Construction Onshore wind People Wind Dulacca Wind Farm officially opened Queensland’s latest renewable success, Dulacca Wind Farm on the Western Downs, was officially opened on October 18th 2023 by Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk. Co-existing on agricultural land, the project actively contributes to the Queensland Government’s target of 50% renewables by 2030 and provides much needed generation diversity on the electricity network…. Read more News Construction Wind 200MW Bekevar Wind Farm reaches financial close Renewable energy investment platform, Innagreen, and Cowessess First Nation-owned entity, Awasis Nehiyawewini Energy Development Limited Partnership (‘ANEDLP’), buy Bekevar Wind Farm from RES Bekevar will help drive Saskatchewan’s transition from coal to renewables The Canada Infrastructure Bank (CIB) is investing $173 million towards the clean energy project NORD/LB is also… Read more Case Studies Construction Construction Management team collaborates with industry providers to reduce harmonic filter requirement and increase lifetime value In Australia, the market operator AEMO and the Network Service Provider (NSP) put specific processes in place to mitigate risk and meet Generator Performance Standards (GPS). One of these processes involves a harmonic assessment, which may require a “harmonic filter.” This is a piece of technology that acts to eliminate harmonic distortion in… Read more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery