What is sub-optimal performance, and is it losing you revenue? - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / Blog / What is sub-optimal performance, and is it losing you revenue? What is sub-optimal performance, and is it losing you revenue? by RES | Sep 16, 2020 | Reading time: 3 min Blog Asset Management In life, sub-optimal performance is never a good thing. For elite Olympic athletes and wind turbines the same principles apply. If each aren’t reaching their full potential, even by a very small percentage, the results at the end of the day can be disappointing. In the last few years our industry has come a long way with our availability aims. For a long time, the norm was to push for higher time-based availabilities, but those now seem set to be left behind in-favour of production-based availabilities, and even revenue-based availabilities. The key is to incentivise revenue, not just the hours that the turbine can operate. Essentially, there is a desire to make turbines work smarter rather than harder. But it’s not just up to the operations and maintenance (O&M) contractors to maximise production. We’ve typically left it to them to ‘do the right thing’, for example, schedule maintenance during low wind periods, and increasingly we are incentivising this behaviour. However, good technical asset management is all about maximising project yield, some of which means minimising operating losses. RES also has a history as an asset owner. That means our default mindset has been to optimise the asset value from day one of takeover. We saw that RES operated sites were performing better than industry standard in availability and sub-optimal performance losses and so sought to investigate this further. We commissioned a study with DNV-GL to independently establish this. The results showed that wind farms managed by RES perform1% better than industry standard. The standard assumption is that sub-optimal performance reduces yield by 0.5%, which, on a 40 MW wind farm could mean £40k in annual revenue. But sub-optimal performance is not as well understood in the industry as downtime. Owners may be losing revenue without even realising even if the blades are turning So what is sub-optimal performance and why is RES good at avoiding it? Sub-optimal performance losses occur whilst the turbine is running (not downtime) but not due to planned curtailments which would have been taken into account in the energy yield. Some examples are: a technician leaving an incorrect curtailment on a turbine after servicing, or a turbine automatically derating because of an overheated component. Turbine Downtime : loss of generation due to turbines not running BoP Downtime : loss of generation due to BoP not working e.g. transformer/HV outage. Sub-optimal performance : loss of generation due to turbines running, but not generating as much as they should e.g. accidental de-rating. DNV GL has concluded that RES operated projects have much less sub-optimal performance than the industry standard benchmark”. In fact DNV GL can hardly detect any sub-optimal performance on our projects. So why is RES industry leading in stopping these issues? Proactive power curve analysis – regular and intelligent analysis is fundamental. Clients often come to us with a ”problem site” or a site that’s performing below budget and initiate an in-depth variance analysis. However, compound issues are hard to solve as it can be difficult to differentiate issues in the data, i.e. is that lost production due to incorrect curtailments or a power curve issue? A much better approach is to undertake regular analysis of site power curves. Understand normal behaviour – power curve analysis needs to be based on a robust understanding of the normal performance of the turbines. This means ditching the warranted power curves which refer to free-stream wind speed, not nacelle-measured wind speed which can quite different. It also means understanding the expected curtailment pattern as suboptimal performance can easily hide when there are complex curtailment power curves in play. The industry is moving towards a new way of thinking about performance. Using downtime as a key indicator of performance is slowly melting away as we begin to embrace more sophisticated methods. At RES we have the expertise and experience to use data in ways which can detect and correct sub-optimal performance before it makes a major impact on the bottom line. Author: Rosa Gindele, Head of Analysis and Optimisation Read more about our support services and the 1% Club. Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents