Turning Trash into Treasure: Community Engagement at Dulacca Wind Farm - RES au What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us au What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / Case Studies / Turning Trash into Treasure: Community Engagement at Dulacca Wind Farm Turning Trash into Treasure: Community Engagement at Dulacca Wind Farm by RES | Nov 16, 2022 | Reading time: 2 min Case Studies Construction One person’s trash is another person’s treasure. In the case of the Dulacca Wind Farm construction site, a project in Central Queensland, Australia, the contractors on site are donating packaging waste to a local high school and the wider community, demonstrating that community engagement and contribution can go further than traditional funding. While financial contributions in the form of community funds is highly valued by communities, there are other opportunities to create immediate benefits locally. At Dulacca Wind Farm, turbines were rapidly constructed with parts regularly delivered to the site from the Port of Brisbane. Inverter cables were shipped with a protective covering of high-quality timber panels, bolts and tin. While standard practice ordinarily sees the packaging discarded, the Dulacca Wind Farm environmental manager organised for the project to donate the timber, tin and bolts to a local trade school in a neighbouring town, Miles High School, for repurposing. At Miles High School, the trade program is ordinarily allocated a budget of $18,000 to purchase materials for the school. These funds are calculated by state government on a per-head basis and with the rural school being quite small (and the cost of materials increasing) these funds are stretched thin. With the recycling donations from Dulacca, Miles High School has more than enough materials to make their entire materials budget redundant, and this funding can now be reallocated elsewhere within the school. The students have a regular supply of materials, all from the Dulacca packaging waste, to build their assessment projects, including: high-quality timber (including rare Canadian spruce) which is repurposed as tables, dog houses, small pieces of furniture etc; bolts, screws and nails; and tin, which is folded and repurposed as toolboxes. The value of these donations has been calculated by the school as upwards of $25,000 in timber, steel and fixings. The contractors on site at Dulacca have embraced the exchange with the high school, removing the fixings from the timber prior to donating to ensure it is ready for use for the students. In thanks, the Miles High School students built a lunch table and bench for the construction workers at Dulacca out of the recycled timber. Recycling of the packaging waste from Dulacca has also been extended to landowners and locals, who could pick up directly from hardstands on site. Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery