HV Services - RES en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Third Party Construction (US) Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital solutions Digital solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case studies People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Experienced careers Current opportunities Transitioning to clean energy About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Third Party Construction (US) A global delivery partner for clean energy construction projects. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Transmission & Distribution We’re supporting energy production from the ground up – offering a range of comprehensive services from new installations to maintenance and emergency restoration. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. Learn more Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home Support services Operations and maintenance HV Services Operations & Maintenance HV Services Our specialist HV service engineers provide a broad range of operation & maintenance, design, installation consultancy, testing and commissioning services for renewable energy projects. Safety is our priority We implement and operate our own safety rules which is supplemented by our in-house 24/7 control centre, ensuring statutory compliance and the highest levels of safety. Our robust ISO certified H&S Management System ensures that we achieve market leading safety performance. What we offer Leveraging our decades of experience in the renewable industry, we deliver HV services across solar, energy storage, onshore wind and offshore wind, at voltages up to 400kV. Transformer and switchgear installation and maintenance Switching and isolations Fault finding and repairs SAP’s up to 400kV Cable jointing, termination and testing Oil sampling and analysis Protection testing and commissioning (new and existing sites) Partial discharge testing and reporting Site rectification and defect works Find out more Get in touch To find out more about our range of services and how RES can support you with High Voltage related services please get in touch via our contact form. Learn more Latest Resources Learn more about our projects. See all resources Case Studies HV O&M HV Services A collaborative effort by RES’ Projects and High Voltage (HV) teams culminated in the successful re-energisation of a large solar farm for one of our clients. Decoy Solar is a 5.3MW solar farm located in Chichester, England. The site consists of over 26,000 panels and can provide sufficient low-cost renewable… Read more People Stories HV People David Coad #TeamRenewables As a renewables specialist and High Voltage (HV) service provider we understand the importance of prioritising safety above all else, time management and minimising the downtime of assets. In the UK&I, RES’ in-house HV unit builds on the existing experience of operating HV networks for both onshore and offshore assets… Read more Events HV O&M Offshore Wind O&M Conference 2023 RenewableUK and ORE Catapult’s O&M Conference takes place on 13th September in Hull, UK&I. As headline sponsor of the event, our team will be on hand to answer any of your questions. Read more Our technologies Providing the transformation and innovation needed to deliver a clean energy future. Wind Delivering both onshore and offshore wind projects, carefully balancing safety, cost, risk, and opportunity to drive best-in-class results. Learn more Solar Using our wealth of industry experience to build high performing utility scale solar farms. Learn more Energy Storage Powering flexible ways to facilitate clean energy using our innovative energy storage solutions. Learn more Green hydrogen Helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean energy. Learn more 1 of 4 Our technologies Providing the transformation and innovation needed to deliver a clean energy future. Wind Solar Energy Storage Green hydrogen Wind Delivering both onshore and offshore wind projects, carefully balancing safety, cost, risk, and opportunity to drive best-in-class results. Learn more Solar Using our wealth of industry experience to build high performing utility scale solar farms. Learn more Energy Storage Powering flexible ways to facilitate clean energy using our innovative energy storage solutions. Learn more Green hydrogen Helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean energy. Learn more Wind Delivering both onshore and offshore wind projects, carefully balancing safety, cost, risk, and opportunity to drive best-in-class results. Learn more Solar Using our wealth of industry experience to build high performing utility scale solar farms. Learn more Energy Storage Powering flexible ways to facilitate clean energy using our innovative energy storage solutions. Learn more Green hydrogen Helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean energy. Learn more Contact us Speak to a member of the team today Contact us Subscribe to our newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies All technologies Wind Solar Transmission & distribution Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Life at RES Current opportunities About us About RES Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks ESG/Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Cookies Privacy Statement Modern Slavery Regulatory Documents