Letter of Intent signed with Permascand for co-development of a commercial research center as part of green hydrogen plant - RES us au tr sv de fr en What we do Technologies Resources Careers About us Contact us What we do Development Landowners Communities Investors Construction Construction Management Services Support services Asset Management Operations & Maintenance Repowering Digital products and solutions Digital Products and Solutions Anemo Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Events Blog Videos Case study People Stories Careers Life at RES Early careers Affinity Networks Transitioning to clean energy Current opportunities Experienced careers About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Safety ESG/Sustainability Affinity Networks Contact us us au tr sv de fr en What we do Our passionate and experienced people deliver successful clean energy projects globally. Development Construction Support services Digital products and solutions Landowners We believe in developing clean energy projects that provide positive benefits for all. Communities Working together to transform the future of clean energy, your local community receives wide-ranging benefits. Investors With our passionate people, innovative solutions, and collaborative approach, we’re transforming the way energy is generated, stored, and supplied. Construction Management Services Managing construction of clean energy assets on behalf of investors and owners. Asset Management We ensure ongoing performance and extend your asset lifecycle by maintaining and improving renewable energy assets, so they perform for longer. Operations & Maintenance Highly skilled engineers and technical specialists provide first-class operations and maintenance support. Repowering Driven by a vision to power the future of clean energy, RES can uncover opportunities to increase the lifespan of your renewable assets. Digital Products and Solutions Our innovative digital products and solutions optimise the performance of clean energy projects and portfolios Anemo Unlock the full potential of your operational data with our diagnostic services and performance optimisation tools Technologies Driving a clean energy future through state-of-the-art renewable technologies. See all technologies Wind Moving the world towards a clean energy future through harnessing the power of wind. Solar Through our innovative solutions and wealth of expert knowledge, we’re driving the future of utility scale solar farms. Energy Storage We’re committed to using our innovative energy storage solutions to power flexible ways to facilitate clean energy. Green hydrogen Through partnerships and our collective expertise, we’re helping decarbonise industry by developing and operating green hydrogen plants fuelled by clean, renewable energy. Resources Browse our latest resources, including company updates, customer stories, industry insights, and research reports. See all resources News Keep up to date with company news, customer and partner announcements, industry insights, awards and more. Events Find out where you can meet our team in person at events around the world. Blogs Stay up to date with the latest RES blogs and insights from the clean energy world. Videos Watch our videos to learn more about RES, discover our products and services, and see our collaborative working approach in action. Case studies Explore in detail our wide range of clean energy projects from across the globe. People Stories Read about the amazing people who work at RES and find out what it is like to work as part of our team. Careers Join a collaborative team of passionate individuals who engage in meaningful, stimulating, and world-changing work. See all careers Life at RES With a shared purpose to build a better planet, we’re proud to ensure our talented people can achieve great things. Early careers Begin your clean energy career in a supportive and collaborative environment. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Transitioning to clean energy Translate the skills and experience you’ve gained in other vocations into a new career in clean energy Current opportunities View all the latest careers opportunities at RES Experienced careers Discover how your skills and talent could contribute towards a clean energy future. About RES We live our mission, celebrate the people making it happen and transform the way the world produces and consumes energy. See about us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Our people are collaborative, accountable, and always strive for excellence. Safety Through harnessing our culture of care, we’re committed to achieving a world-class level of safety performance. ESG/Sustainability Our sustainability agenda powers positive change by ensuring all areas of our business make a positive contribution to the environment, society, and industry. Affinity Networks Communities open for all to join, offering a safe space for people to come together and freely share their identities, experiences and the challenges they face in the workplace. Our offices Like our business, we’re truly global – but proudly local. Find contact and location details for every RES office. Contact us Europe Americas Australia Denmark France Germany Ireland Norway Portugal Sweden Spain Türkiye UK USA Canada Australia Home / Resources / News / Letter of Intent signed with Permascand for co-development of a commercial research center as part of green hydrogen plant Letter of Intent signed with Permascand for co-development of a commercial research center as part of green hydrogen plant by RES | Apr 25, 2022 | Reading time: 4 min News Development Green Hydrogen RES, today announced that the company has signed a Letter of Intent (LOI) with Permascand, an independent technology-driven manufacturer of electrochemical solutions, for the co-development of a commercial research center in the green hydrogen plant RES are developing in Alby, Ånge Municipality, Sweden. The purpose of the LOI is to continue the negotiations for the establishment and investment in a commercial research center for testing and evaluation of Permascands products in a production plant which enables significant and important results for the project. Matilda Afzelius, CEO at RES, commented “This project is extremely important. We are at the forefront here and are contributing to a rapid transition to renewable energy. With this collaboration, we have the opportunity to create both local and global benefits. A sustainable future will benefit from more cross-border and innovative developments and collaborations like this”. RES, the world’s largest independent renewable energy company, has driven the development and establishment of a green hydrogen plant in Alby in an area designated by Ånge Municipality for establishment of power-intense industry. The goal is to be able to provide green hydrogen to local industry in a first stage, by the turn of 2024/2025. With a new grid connection, the facility will be gradually expanded on a larger scale by the turn of 2026/2027. Sigrid Nord, development project manager at RES, commented ”We are very excited about this collaboration opportunity together with Permascand in our work to make it possible to take the testing into a production plant to enable competitive green hydrogen. We see that this type of green energy system will be crucial in enabling the energy transition for industry and that collaborations like these deliver great benefits”. Peter Lundström, CEO at Permascand comments: ”It is a very positive and interesting start that we jointly can contribute to a development project of this kind. It is in line with Permascand’s growth plan and the construction of a full-scale technology center to develop new technology for green hydrogen and our quest for increased sustainability globally – the fact that the project also has a local connection makes it even more interesting”. The terms of the cooperation will be regulated in a possible future and binding agreement. RES, meddelade idag att bolaget har tecknat en avsiktsförklaring (LOI) med Permascand Top Holding AB, en oberoende teknikdriven tillverkare av elektrokemiska lösningar, för samutvecklingen av ett kommersiellt forskningscentrum i en ny produktionsanläggning för grön vätgas vilken RES driver utvecklingen och etableringen av i Alby, Ånge kommun. Syftet med avsiktsförklaringen är att fortsätta förhandlingarna för etablering och investering i ett kommersiellt forskningscentrum för testning och utveckling av Permascands produkter i en verklig produktionsmiljö vilket möjliggör väsentliga och viktiga resultat för projektet. Matilda Afzelius, VD på RES, kommenterar: “Det här projektet är oerhört betydelsefullt. Vi går i bräschen här och bidrar till en snabb omställning till förnybar energi. Med det här samarbetet har vi möjlighet att göra såväl lokal nytta som global. En hållbar framtid kommer att dra fördel av fler gränsöverskridande och innovativa utvecklingar och samarbeten likt detta.” RES, världens största oberoende aktör inom förnybar energi, driver utvecklingen och etableringen av produktionsanläggning för grön vätgas i Alby, på det av kommunen utpekade området som detaljplaneras för etablering av elintensiv industri. Målet är inställt på att i ett första skede, till årsskiftet 2024/2025, kunna tillhandahålla grön vätgas till lokala industrier. Med en ny nätanslutning kommer anläggningen successivt att byggas ut i större skala till årsskiftet 2026/2027. Sigrid Nord, projektledare på RES, kommenterar: ”Vi är mycket glada över denna samverkansmöjlighet tillsammans med Permascand i vårt arbete att möjliggöra att ta testmiljön in i en verklig produktionsanläggning för att på ett säkert och hållbart sätt kunna producera konkurrenskraftig grön vätgas. Vi ser även att den här typen av gröna energisystem blir avgörande för att möjliggöra energiomställningen inom industrin och att samarbeten likt detta innebär stora fördelar”. Peter Lundström, VD på Permascand kommenterar: “Det är en mycket positiv och intressant början att vi gemensamt kan bidra till ett utvecklingsprojekt av det här slaget. Det ligger i linje med Permascands tillväxtplan och uppbyggnaden av ett fullskaligt teknologicentrum för att ta fram ny teknik för grön vätgas på marknaden och vår strävan mot ökad hållbarhet globalt – att projektet dessutom har en lokal anknytning gör det extra roligt”. De närmare villkoren för samarbetet kommer att regleras i ett eventuellt kommande och bindande avtal. Om RES RES är världens största oberoende aktör inom förnybar energi aktiva inom land- och havsbaserad vindkraft, solenergi, energilagring samt transmission och distribution. I nästan 40 år har RES befunnit sig i branschens framkant och levererat mer än 22GW förnybara energiprojekt globalt och stödjer en operativ tillgångsportfölj på över 9GW för en stor kundbas världen över. Med förståelse för de unika behoven hos företagskunder har RES säkrat över 1,5GW i energiköpsavtal (PPA) som möjliggör tillgång till energi till lägsta kostnad. RES sysselsätter mer än 2 000 personer och är verksamma i 10 länder. I Skandinavien har RES kontor i Göteborg, Östersund och Oslo. För mer information, besök www.res-group.com . Om Permascand Top Holding AB Permascand är en oberoende teknikdriven tillverkare av elektrokemiska lösningar baserade på bolagets egenutvecklade katalytiska beläggningar för miljöteknikapplikationer. Med ett kundriktat fokus har Permascand levererat katalytiska beläggningar, elektroder, elektrokemiska celler och eftermarknadstjänster till en rad olika branscher i mer än 50 år. Permascand har sitt huvudkontor i Ljungaverk där bolaget även driver forsknings- och utvecklingsverksamhet, teknikutveckling och produktion. Permascand har även kontor i Stockholm, Göteborg och Vancouver, Kanada. För mer information, besök: www.permascand.com About RES RES is the world’s largest independent renewable energy company active in onshore and offshore wind, solar, energy storage and transmission and distribution. At the forefront of the industry for nearly 40 years, RES has delivered more than 22GW of renewable energy projects across the globe and supports an operational asset portfolio exceeding 9GW worldwide for a large client base. Understanding the unique needs of corporate clients, RES has secured over 1.5GW of power purchase agreements (PPAs) enabling access to energy at the lowest cost. RES employs more than 2,000 people and is active in 10 countries. In Scandinavia RES has offices in Gothenburg, Östersund and Oslo. For more information, visit www.res-group.com . About Permascand Top Holding AB Permascand is an independent technology-driven manufacturer of electrochemical solutions based on proprietary catalytic coatings for clean tech applications. With a customer-centric focus, the company has supplied catalytic coatings, electrodes, electrochemical cells and aftermarket services to a variety of sectors for more than the past 50 years. Permascand is headquartered in Ljungaverk, Sweden, with operations including R&D, Technology Development and Production, with offices in Gothenburg, Sweden and Vancouver, Canada. For more information visit: www.permascand.com Share this article Contact us Contact us What we do Development Construction Support services Digital solutions Technologies Technologies Wind Solar Energy storage Green hydrogen Resources News Blog Events Videos Case Studies People Stories Careers Experienced careers Transitioning to clean energy Early careers Careers Current opportunities About us About us Meet our Executive Leadership Team Affinity Networks Sustainability Safety Contact us Copyright © 2023 RES Terms of use Privacy Statement Modern Slavery